YSK "Colorado applicants need not apply," and similar statements on job postings could mean the employer has shifty wage practices.

Why YSK: Colorado recently passed a law that requires employers to post real salary ranges with every listing. Some employers don't like this and discourage or outright refuse to allow CO applicants. If that's the case, you may not want to work for them outside of CO either.
		-- u/Successful-Medicine9, 36083 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK "weary" does not mean suspicious or skeptical about something. You want "leery" or "wary" instead.

I see this on posts frequently. Weary means exhausted. Leery and wary are synonyms meaning suspicious, cautious, alert to danger. 

Thank you and happy Redditing!

Edit: Thank you for the awards, karma, and comments! I am incredibly touched. This post is from a friendly language nerd and intended in a gentle, helpful spirit. I love that it inspired puns, poetry, Always Sunny references, and linguistic discussion. 

Thank you all!
		-- u/mavrailura, 11782 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK 'Food pranks' aren't pranks. They are felony food tampering offences, grievous bodily harm and assault, and often carry minimum sentences.

Why YSK: Its very easy to ruin your life in various ways, but a lot of possibly younger people here seem to think its a very minor thing.

Intentionally forcing things into other peoples bodies, through deception or force, its extremely serious. Your intention is irrelevant. Warped humour under the misguided idea of what a prank is does not exempt you from interfering with another citizens bodily autonomy.

I saw a post here wherein a youtuber feeding a homeless man toothpaste filled oreos was given 15 months prison and a criminal record for the rest of his life, and people were saying its too harsh.

Uhh, no, its actually lenient for that kind of offence. Food tampering is very serious.
		-- u/urammar, 30741 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK (North America) the "bumblebees" that hover in one spot, get in your face, and chase you around buildings are actually harmless male carpenter bees

Why YSK: if you are afraid of getting stung due to an allergy etc, there is no need to panic when one of these bees chases you. I was just at the park and a crowd of people ran away from the observation deck because 3 male carpenter bees were fighting and they thought they were bumblebees that had gone crazy. They left before I could say anything and they missed out on that part of the park as a result. This is something I have witnessed several times.

[Carpenter bees](https://extension.psu.edu/carpenter-bees) resemble bumblebees, but unlike bumblebees they excavate tunnels in wooden fences, building frames, and trees. They cannot sting, so they attack other insects by rushing at them midair. Their primary goal is to attract a female bee and scare off potential rivals, so they are always scoping out anything that moves in the vicinity of a nest site, including people.

If one of these bees gets in your face and hovers there, just ignore it. Chances are that it will encounter another bug and lose interest in you. You can even throw a stick and watch them chase it if you're into that.
		-- u/admiralturtleship, 17284 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK - A king sized blanket is much more comfortable for a queen sized bed

Why YSK: people like to assume a queen bed needs a queen blanket. However, this is not the case (especially with 2 people in the bed). A king size blanket hangs off the sides of the bed just the perfect amount and ensured you have enough blanket at all times.
		-- u/maxpown3r, 11828 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK - Although in America one of your Miranda rights is the right to an attorney and if you cannot afford an attorney one will be provided for you. In many jurisdictions that attorney is paid by the city or county, but the city or county can then recoup that cost from the Defendant.

Why YSK:  I learned this early in my legal career. My county did not have a public defender, but instead would assign criminal defense cases to all of the firms in the county on an as-needed basis. The attorneys, as a service to the community (and to stay on the good side of the judges), would take on the cases at a discounted rate. I, as the lowest ranking attorney in my firm, worked the criminal defense cases. One of my clients who got fully acquitted called me later asking why he received a bill from the county for my legal fees. I had no idea, so I inquired with the judge in charge of the pauper defense counsel program. He said that was how the program worked. The county was required to provide an attorney, but it does not have to be free. I was floored. They never taught us that in law school when we learned the Miranda rights. I always assumed "if you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you" implied that it was free of charge.
		-- u/Rockin_freakapotamus, 25088 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK - If you or a loved one has an ICD (Internal Cardiac Defibrillator) you should consider disabling it before end of life care.

My grandfather came home on hospice care and it was a situation where we knew there was no recovery. He had a pacemaker and a defibrillator installed several years ago, and no one at the hospital, hospice, nor his heart doctor suggested to us that it should be turned off.

It added hours of discomfort to his process of dying and witnessing that happen has impacted me more than his actual death. In the state of mind that we were in at the time, having it turned off was not something that we'd thought about until it was actively working with no real use.  He'd had an advance directive, with a DNR request.  He wanted to be home and pass peacefully.  

Not turning it off was a very painful thing and something I'd like to help prevent others from having to go through.

[Here is an article with more information on the topic.](http://www.drjohnm.org/2014/01/icd-and-pacemaker-deactivation-it-is-neither-physician-assisted-suicide-nor-euthanasia/)

		-- u/nrdk0r, 11724 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK - Many people don’t realize that like love languages, there are apology languages for people too. And it’s important to understand the apology language of the ones around you to be able to effectively apologize when you’re in the wrong.

Why YSK: Knowing the apology language of your loved ones is very crucial. For instance, if your partner needs to hear an ‘I’m sorry’, giving them apology gifts will not work, and will cause rifts in your relationship.

Apology languages (from Gary Chapman and Jennifer Thompson)   

1.Expressing regret : Verbalize your sorry, they need to hear from you that you understand that you wronged them, and that you feel bad and regret it. They want you to acknowledge that you’ve hurt them emotionally.  

2.Accepting responsibility : drop the excuses. Own up to what you did. Don’t try to justify what you did, instead take responsibility and learn to be accountable for you hurting Someone else.  

3.Making restitution : This is a more action oriented approach, where they know you’re making solid effort to not repeat your mistakes.  

4.Genuinely repenting : this is where you can maybe explain why you did what you did, however it’s not a place to make excuses, instead they need to know that are willing to do whatever it takes to fix everything   

5.Requesting forgiveness : this is very important step to most people, to ask their forgiveness and wait for it. It does not make you entitled to their forgiveness. Oftentimes people are unable to get over something without this step of closure, where you ask for and they give you closure.   

 Apologizing comes from emotional maturity and being able to be accountable for your actions, and how they affect other people. Being able to understand when you hurt another person and being able to apologize and do better is crucial.

EDIT : Do add what other kind of apology you would appreciate. And what kind of apology you know some of your loved ones need.
So that we can all learn from each and other and become better people :)
		-- u/whatislife1001, 37097 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK - Never mix Ammonia and bleach

Ammonia and bleach are both common cleaning agents in everyday households. But mixing them together as it turns out creates fucking chlorine gas. For those who don’t know chlorine gas was a chemical weapon used in WW2.

Don’t mix bleach and Ammonia

Edit: WW1, actually

Edit2: Chloramine gas then. Still dangerous
		-- u/GoogleWasMyIdea49, 14745 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK - X percent of Y is equal to Y percent of X. So, if you want to find out what 7% of 50 is, you could instead find out what 50% of 7 is, which is 3.5. This means that 7% of 50 is also equal to 3.5.

More examples: If you want to find out what
2% of 20 is, do 20% of 2 instead and you'll
get 0.4. So, 2% of 20 also equals 0.4.

Or, 12% of 25 can be alternatively written
out as 25% of 12 instead, which would be 3.

Explanation: Commutative Property. So,
0.07 times 50 will always equal 50 times
0.07

I hope you found this interesting and/or
helpful!
		-- u/[deleted], 49659 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK - in a survival situation, cook things in water instead of fire

Why YSK - you will get the best and the most of nutrients if you cook anything you forage, hunt or fish in the wild in some water instead of grilling it on the fire, it is also the most efficient way to share equally with someone in case you're not alone.
We often see on surviving shows and movies people putting food directly in the fire or eating it raw, that's the worst way to cook nutritionally efficient for surviving. If you have the choice to cook everything in a pot of water (or whatever container you have available) do it that way, joints in the bones and the skin will break into collagen and that will be more easily and quickly absorbed by your body, organs that are rich in vitamins and minerals will also break up and infuse the broth with nutrition, plants and mushrooms are often more safe and easily digested when cooked in water, and you can always use this method to mush everything evenly so you can share better (it's much more difficult to share a fish or a lizard in two equal pieces when it's roasted). Unripe fruits can be hard to digest and even dangerous to eat when not ripe, cooking them is also the best practice if you find any. Roasted vegetables or meat can get burnt pieces and these burnt bits are just gone calories and nutrition, whatever gets burned is not used by our body and in a survival situation, any calories, carbs and protein are vital. Surely not the tastiest, but definitely the most efficient.
		-- u/TSN_88, 12778 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK 130 million American adults have low literacy skills with 54% of people 16-74 below the equivalent of a sixth-grade level

Why YSK: Because it is useful to understand that not everyone has the same reading comprehension. As such it is not always helpful to advise them to do things you find easy. This could mean reading an article or study or book etc. However this can even mean reading a sign or instructions. Knowing this may also help avoid some frustration when someone is struggling with something.

This isn't meant to insult or demean anyone. Just pointing out statistics that people should consider. I'm not going to recommend any specific sources here but I would recommend looking into ways to help friends or family members you know who may fall into this category.

[https://www.apmresearchlab.org/10x-adult-literacy#:\~:text=About%20130%20million%20adults%20in,of%20a%20sixth%2Dgrade%20level](https://www.apmresearchlab.org/10x-adult-literacy#:~:text=About%20130%20million%20adults%20in,of%20a%20sixth%2Dgrade%20level)
		-- u/LocalChamp, 14840 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK 23andMe was formed to build a massive database capable of identifying new links between specific genes and diseases in order to eventually create their own pharmaceutical drugs.

Why YSK: Using the lure of providing insight into customer’s ancestry through DNA samples, 23andMe has [created a system](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2021-11-04/23andme-to-use-dna-tests-to-make-cancer-drugs) where people pay to give their genetic data to finance a new type of Big Pharma. 

As of April, they have results from their [first in-house drug.](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2023-04-20/23andme-has-results-from-its-first-in-house-drug)
		-- u/CrypticFeline, 11345 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK 99% of the world's ladder firetrucks can't reacher higher than the 7th floor of a building.

Take this into consideration when choosing an apartment.
Most high-rise fires originate from the first four floors of the building, so evacuating from a high level internally can become more difficult.

-  invest in smoke detectors, fire extinguishers and a fire blanket (they also make very thoughtful housewarming gifts!)

-  empty your dryer lint after every load

-  don't store flammable items near your water heater (e.g. paint cans, cleaning products)

-  plan at least two escape routes that don't require an elevator

-  don't leave candles unattended

-  don't bbq/grill on a balcony/patio where the awning funnels the smoke directly into your home

-  don't put out kitchen fires with water
		-- u/PloverLover, 10993 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK : That there is a website called Khan Academy where you can learn almost anything for free, from math and science to humanities and computer programming. Education

Why YSK :   Khan Academy is a non-profit educational organization that was founded in 2008 by educator Salman Khan with the goal of creating a set of online tools that help educate students. The website offers free video lessons on a wide range of topics, including math, science, computer programming, history, art, economics, and more.

In addition to video lessons, Khan Academy also offers practice exercises, quizzes, and personalized learning dashboards to help students track their progress and identify areas where they need to improve. The website has been praised for its accessibility and has helped millions of students around the world learn new skills and improve their knowledge.
		-- u/Alen0tv, 15773 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK : When you enter a new relationship, keep in mind to stay connected with your friends. Don’t sideline them. If things go wrong, they are the ones who will support you through your tough times.

Why YSK: This happens surprisingly often. In the heat of the moment, people act like their bf/gf is all they care about in the world. But when things get rough, you need someone else who truly knows and cares about you to support you. That’s something your friends can probably do.
		-- u/[deleted], 11597 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK : You could drown in shallow water pools due to a phenomenon call Shallow Water Blackout.

Basically your urge to breathe is based on how much CO2 is in your blood (more CO2 more urge to breathe). So if you hyperventilate and lower your CO2 levels and dive underwater, you will not have the urge to breathe but in fact you would be low on Oxygen and may pass out without any signs and drown.

Read more about it here - https://www.shallowwaterblackoutprevention.org/how-it-happens

Why YSK : It helps you not die in pools.
		-- u/SwiftRespite, 11666 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK :Romanians are welcoming the Ukranian refugees with open arms and food. There are a lot of people who are renting their homes without any charge to the refugees. Also there is an animal shelter who is going to host the Ukranian pets of any kind.

Why YSK: Because Ukrainian civilians need to know about this.
		-- u/BlackViper_13, 41866 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK A for-profit company will always try to minimize your salary. It is your duty to maximize it and there is no shame in it.

Why YSK: There is a mindset, especially with younger adults, that it is taboo to ask for more money. For example during a job interview a company will state your wage structure. Now, if you respectfully treat this as a business negotiation, there is nothing wrong with simply discussing it. Don't be rude but ask at least. You're not 'begging' and you're not 'being selfish'. You are putting a price on your time and labor. It is your right to ask if you feel it is appropriate, it is their right to decline if they want to. Again, don't be rude about it if you're in either position.
		-- u/mynameismulan, 21652 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK ATT has exceptionally poor IPv6 support, and if your home internet feels sluggish (despite technically having fast test speeds) this is likely the problem, and turning it off will boost your experience dramatically.

Why YSK: ATT can technically provide you with blistering speeds these days, but your internet will still feel slow as dog shit, and the techs won’t know how to help you because they themselves aren’t trained on the flaws in their own network.  
  
Two major things you can do:  
  
**1.**  Navigate to your own router (I’m assuming you’re using ATT equipment) by visiting 192.168.1.254.  You’ll obviously need the code written on your actual modem/router.  From there go to the Home Network -&gt; IPv6 tab, and then turn IPv6 *Off*.   

IPv6 is a new addressing standard for internet addresses since we are out of the old addresses, even though most of the time you don’t necessarily *need* to have it enabled to interact with new sites.  Theoretically, all major ISPs should have already switched over to IPv6 and it should be running flawlessly.  Guess who dropped the fucking ball.  
  
The trade off to turning this off will be that some newer websites might not work correctly.  If that happens, you can turn it back on.  But I can report that once I turned it off, my internet became lightning fast instantly.  
  
**2.**  I spent all day yesterday trying to figure out why my internet was sluggish, and another thing I learned was that ATT routes to its own dns server for general web lookups, which also is slow as dogshit.  Their default hardware won’t let you change this, but you can change it on individual devices.  A dns is just the default index your device uses when you request a webpage; it makes sense to go with a larger and more reliable one than ATT’s proprietary bullshit.  

If you change this on your individual device to “1.0.0.1” with “8.8.8.8” as an alternate, your web browsing experience should be better.  Those are Cloudflare’s alt dns and Google’s, in case you’re wondering.  
  
I’m just making this post because it took a lot of Googling and discussing and searching to arrive at the above steps, and they made an immediate and immense difference.  I hope I can pay the favor forward and help someone else.  
  
—————-  
  
*Standard YSK disclaimer: I’m a human doing my best, there may be some errors in the above info, but it should be predominantly correct.  If someone credibly corrects me in the comments, I will edit the above to reflect any new information.*
		-- u/katiecharm, 10604 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Airbnb’s are allowed to have cameras in “common” areas meaning living rooms,kitchens, etc. The host must mention the use of cameras under the “House Rules” section of the booking page.

There are many cases of people finding cameras within their Airbnb’s. Sometimes, these are mentioned in the booking process, but other times they are not. Be careful when booking an Airbnb and always check for cameras upon entering your room.
		-- u/girl834, 23807 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK Alkaline water doesn’t really do anything

Why YSK: Alkaline water is usually more expensive than regular bottled water and has no proven benefits to your health. Some proponents of alkaline water and the companies that sell it claim that the pH of alkaline water neutralizes acids in your blood and can cure a slew of diseases, but this is not the case. Blood naturally maintains a neutral pH on its own, and there is no evidence that alkaline water has any special properties that make it “better” than other types of bottled water.  

Additionally, alkaline water is not inherently risk-free. Individuals with kidney or gastrointestinal conditions can be harmed by alkaline water, and extreme alkaline water intake for any individual can cause a rare, but very serious, condition called alkalosis. 

Some of the best ways to stay hydrated and healthy are eating a balanced diet and drinking a few liters of fluids a day. 

https://www.theguardian.com/global/2018/oct/29/alkaline-water-cure-bs-science-beyonce-tom-brady

https://health.clevelandclinic.org/alkaline-water-dont-believe-the-marketing-hype/

https://www.insider.com/guides/health/diet-nutrition/alkaline-water-benefits

Edit: I did want to mention, like many people have below, that alkaline water does provide anecdotal symptomatic relief to people with GERD and related conditions. However, it isn't any better (or less expensive) than taking antacid medicines.
		-- u/deanonychus, 12879 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK All 1500W heaters put out the exact same amount of heat, and consume the exact same amount of electricity, regardless of physical size, or the properties of the heating element.

Why YSK: If you're buying a new space heater, consider that the small, inexpensive, 1500W heater with the wire heating element will put out just as much heat as the big, costly, oil-filled, 1500W heater. If you buy the smaller heater, you'll still get the same amount of heat, using the same amount of electricity as the larger heater, while saving money.

The First Law of Thermodynamics (aka The Law of Conservation of Energy) cannot be broken, and you should not allow advertising and packaging to convince you otherwise.

Features to actually consider when purchasing a heater:

A fan; forcing the air to move through the heater will help circulate the heat better throughout the room.

The thermostat (or lack thereof) and its accuracy; digital thermostats tend to be more accurate, and easier to interpret.

A timer, for automatic shutoff.
		-- u/Be_Glorious, 11718 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK An unexplained black eye in a young child is a symptom of cancer

**Why YSK** Neuroblastoma is a relatively common cancer in children less than ~5 years old. Of children who die from cancer about 15% of those deaths are due to neuroblastoma. *Early detection greatly increased survival rates*.

The cancer causes a protein or a hormone (I can’t seem to find the exact mechanism) that causes dark circles around the eyes. This can look like your child has a black eye.

Please go see a doctor immediately if you see this in your child. [Here is a link](https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/neuroblastoma-childhood/symptoms-and-signs) for more information and other symptoms.

A little one in my life was diagnosed with this cancer and the first symptom was a black eye.

Edit: just for clarity, an unexplained black eye is a symptom of neuroblastoma, but it’s not the only cause of an unexplained black eye. I probably should have worded my title differently.
		-- u/LifeSage, 13172 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Audible has made hundreds of children (ages 0-18) audio books completely free to help kids stay relaxed and entertained. No account required. No credit card needed.

Link: https://stories.audible.com/discovery

Info: https://i.imgur.com/BwmPinR.jpg
		-- u/[deleted], 15873 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK Avocado can taste either like butter, pistachio, coconut or like grass, soap or plastic. Every avocado seed you plant produces a tree with different tasting fruits. There is no "one type of avocado" and producers can often mix variants that are all sold as "avocado" but taste wildly different.

Why YSK: Depending on where you live in the world, avocado is often sold as this one thing that is the same as any other avocado. It's not! Avocado has incredible an genetic diversity and does not grow true from seed.

Sometimes this "not showing what kind of avocado you're getting" is used maliciously to sell shit tasting avocado. Avocado can taste terribly even when perfectly ripe depending on the variant and growing process. I've seen this malicious type of labeling more prominent in Europe, where avocado can be extremely expensive and a complete gamble in terms of quality.

Every avocado plant grown from seed produces a new variant that may taste great, meh or terrible. What producers do to try to stabilize taste, is to essentially clone other avocado plants that are known to taste well (grafting). If you slap a label to your particular variety of avocado you get things like Hass, Fuerte, Reed, etc.

More info on this genetic variability: "[Reasons for the use of clonal avocado rootstocks around the world".](https://www.avocado.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Reasons-for-the-Use-of-Clonal-Avocado-Rootstocks-Around-the-World-C-Fernandez-Noguera-et-al..pdf) and "[The unpleasant flavor hinders acceptability of some avocado varieties](https://ur.booksc.eu/book/44798127/9425c9)". And here's a list from 1915 that lists [86 different varieties of avocado and what are they notable for](http://avocadosource.com/CAS_Yearbooks/CAS_01_1915/CAS_1915_PG_44-69.pdf). Imagine how many varieties we have now!

Some varieties taste great but spoil quickly or are hard to grow. Some are easy to grow but taste like shit. Two avocados might look similarly but taste wildly different.

To add to the genetic complexity, changes in the soil conditions, height, humidity, temperature, water, pests, location, season, etc. [can also affect taste.](https://www.growables.org/information/TropicalFruit/documents/AvocadoFruitUF.pdf) So some variability is possible even when using clone types like Hass!
		-- u/space_iio, 10722 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK Avocados are toxic to almost every other animal except humans.

Avocado contains a toxin called persin, but only certain species of animals are poisoned by persin. While dogs and cats are rarely affected by persin, avocado poisoning can be deadly to birds and large animals (such as cows, goats, sheep). The bigger risk to dogs and cats is a foreign body obstruction in the esophagus, stomach, or intestinal tract if part or all of a large avocado seed is swallowed. Pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas) is also possible due to the high fat content in avocados.

Pet birds, including canaries, parakeets, cockatiels, and large parrots, should never be fed avocado as they are extremely susceptible to persin. Signs of poisoning in birds include inability to perch, difficulty breathing, fluid accumulation around the bird’s heart and lungs, liver and kidney failure, and sudden death.

Ruminants and horses can also develop toxicity if they ingest enough avocados or avocado plant leaves.  Ingestion can result in mastitis (inflammation of the mammary glands), swelling of the mouth, head, neck, or chest, and damage to the heart with potential for death.
		-- u/mohiemen, 13625 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK Because NASA is a public funded entity, most of their videos, images and audio hold no copyright and can be used at your leisure.

They have a huge collection which can be found here... [https://images.nasa.gov/](https://images.nasa.gov/)
		-- u/jbuk02, 21117 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Because of the freedom of information act (FOIA) the FBI and CIA both have libraries of information and reports that have been declassified!

So if you are looking for something you should check out what they have. Found out in the 1980s the CIA has project star gate which dealt with remote viewing and things like esp. just an example there is much more.

Edit: [CIA library](https://www.cia.gov/library) 

[FBI Library](https://www.fbi.gov/resources/library) 

[FBI Vault](https://vault.fbi.gov/) 

Sorry for not adding the links earlier.

Edit 2: Thank you for my first gold!
		-- u/GiantSlayer459, 15743 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK Call centers can hear everything you say when they put you "on hold"

Why YSK: Be careful what you say when a call centre puts you on hold – they could still be listening. When you are on hold on a recorded line, you are still being recorded. Watch what you say.
		-- u/xnawi, 14378 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Children exposed to family violence show the same pattern of activity in their brains as soldiers exposed to combat, new research has shown.

Why YSK:. It's more important than you may think to make sure kids aren't exposed to family violence.  Even spanking is processed the same way as more aggressive forms of physical punishment and can make children predisposed to mental health issues.

Source: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2011/12/111205140406.htm#:~:text=Children%20exposed%20to%20family%20violence,combat%2C%20new%20research%20has%20shown.text=The%20authors%20suggest%20that%20both,of%20danger%20in%20their%20environment.
		-- u/Snuggly-Muffin, 36569 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK Clorox wipes are NOT flushable

 With all the madness trying to disinfect everything a large number of people will start using Clorox wipes. They will not break down like toilet paper. They will snag and ball up causing your sewer line to be clogged. You don't want to pay an expensive plumber fee /rooter guy to tell you this after the fact.
		-- u/felinebarbecue, 19149 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Craving ice is a symptom of iron deficiency.

There are other symptoms that people don't realize, such as hair loss in women which I was surprised to learn as its not commonly listed as a possible reason for sudden shedding. I unknowingly dealt with iron deficiency from my teens up until my late twenties before I got treated for it when my levels stubbornly wouldn't move from 10. I also couldn't explain my obsession with slurpees and crunching on the ice after finishing my soft drink. I found it soothing, and I just figured I had a weird stress reliever or tick. After 8 months of prescribed iron supplements, I watched my ferritin levels jump from 10 to 75... the urge to eat ice is nonexistant and I haven't craved slurpee for months. 

Why YSK: Even mild but long term iron deficiency can effect the quality of your life significantly. I was pale, tired and unable to work out properly without feeling dizzy. My hair grew back, albeit pretty spriggy and short at the moment, but there's lots of new growth. No more ice cravings. I never need to take a nap after work anymore, and I can make it up a mountain now without rapidly burning out or feeling lightheaded.

[https://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/what-causes-a-craving-for-ice](https://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/what-causes-a-craving-for-ice)
		-- u/[deleted], 19522 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Declawing your Cats is like cutting off each of your fingers at the last knuckle

Some people think that declawing is a simple surgery that removes a cats nails, this is not true. Declawing involves amputation of the last bone of each toe, removing claws changes the way a cats foot meets the ground and can cause pain similar to wearing an uncomfortable pair of shoes. There can also be regrowth of improperly removed claws, nerve damage and bone spurs. Most cats will become biters because they no longer have their claws as a defense. Cats scratch to remove dead husks from their claws, mark territory and stretch muscles.
		-- u/blaqkrat, 45342 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK Declining spam calls is as bad as answering them

Why YSK: Most of the spam call centers are using some form of auto-dialing system that just iterates through random phone numbers. The primary goal is that someone answers and engages with whatever scam they're running i.e IRS, car warranty, Amazon purchase or whatever. 

However, the system also tracks anytime someone declines the call because that means it is a legitimate person's cell phone number as opposed to an out-of-service number or an office line. By declining, your number ends up in a database for future calls that can be more targeted or persistent. 

The robo-caller groups frequently use this as a secondary revenue stream by selling the list of confirmed numbers to more sophisticated scammers. This also applies to "replying STOP" to scam text messages. 

By ignoring it altogether, you don't provide the system any information and they're less likely to try your number again in the future.

TL;DR Just let calls from unknown numbers ring instead of declining and just delete spam text messages. Don't let them know you're real.

Edit: Didn't think this would garner so much attention, but glad people are finding it useful or interesting!

You should absolutely still block the number and/or "mark as spam" after the fact, but it's important to know that these groups have the capability of spoofing what phone number they're calling from. If you've ever seen a call from a number that is eerily similar to your own, you've seen this in practice. Their algorithms have shown that for some reason people are more likely to answer if the number seems familiar or looks local.

As for the many comments about voicemail, it does let them know it is a valid number but they aren't listening to the message. Declining confirms for them that it is a mobile phone number which is a higher value target than a business or land line. This for several reasons but the big ones are that a mobile phone has more presence and thus more opportunity and many software platforms allow you to use your phone number for your login credentials making it usable in standard brute force hacking attempts.
		-- u/LeadingTrevize, 12897 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK Do not try to cheat anti-plagiarizing services with quotation marks.

It absolutely will not work, the services people use these days are much more sophisticated than that. Please do not blindly trust LPTs people post on reddit.

TurnItIn, for instance, will also look up parts of your text that you have quoted, and make sure that your quotations are done properly, reporting these numbers separately.

If you somehow manage to scramble your text so it becomes unreadable for these tools (by messing with fonts, invisible symbols etc.) red flags will be raised both from a suspicious word count, as well as due to implausibly low literal match (usually scientific works should have a match around 10%).

TLDR: just do your fucking homework and don't trust people on the internet.
		-- u/mentalfist, 14623 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK Fake Missing Persons Reports

YSK about fake missing persons reports on social media. They are a tactic abusers use to find their victims. Don't share unverified missing persons reports. Don't share them unless they are or link a police or news report.
Edit: Someone finds the "missing person", calls the police, the police say they don't have a missing persons report for said person, finder messages "loved one" really the abuser and says they found them and sometimes gets an award. Thank you for the precious metals.
		-- u/katdance8663, 16307 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK FedEx Express and FedEx Ground are two different companies that have almost zero interaction with each other.

It seems like a lot of people don't realize the name FedEx by itself is the name of the corporation that owns several companies each bearing the name. As a FedEx Express driver, I have to clear up a lot of confusion for people who think I might have their package on board my truck, when in fact it's coming through FedEx Ground. Here's some insider info on the difference between a few FedEx companies to help you with tracking that elusive package you're waiting for:

*FedEx Express: The OG FedEx company (and the one I work for). They ship packages by air to get you your stuff by a certain date and time, guaranteed. If you look in your tracking and see one of the services we offer (Priority Overnight, 2 Day, Express Saver, etc), then you know it's shipping through Express. Also, don't be surprised if you see it's going through a random big city before coming to you; that's just how the supply chain works. Google "hub and spoke" and you'll see what I mean.

*FedEx Ground: Similar to FedEx Express, but instead of transporting packages by air, they're transported, well, by ground. These packages also aren't guaranteed by a certain date or time, so if you see a "scheduled delivery date" in your tracking, that's an estimate based on how long a package typically takes to get to you from wherever it's coming from. I wouldn't hold your breath until the package is actually near you and out for delivery. If your tracking details say it's being shipped "Ground" or "Home Delivery", those are both through the Ground network.

*FedEx Office: This is the one that used to be Kinko's. You can ship Express or Ground packages here, as well as print lots of different stuff. They also handle the SameDay City service you may have heard of in a few certain big metro areas. 

PRO TIP: If you know you won't be home to sign for a package that requires a signature or just don't want it left by your door, you can request to have it "Held at Location" at a FedEx Office. An Express or Ground driver will take it here, and then you can pick it up at your leisure later. This is also possible at a Walgreens or most Dollar General stores if you don't have a FedEx Office near you.

These are the big three most folks will have experiences with, but there are several other FedEx companies that - you guessed it - almost never interact with each other. When you see a FedEx van or truck, always look under the FedEx logo to see which company it's from.

EDIT: Some more differences to look out for that have been mentioned in the comments:

Look at the shipping labels to know the difference. There are several things to look for on each different type of label that will help you easily identify which kind of shipment it is.
Express: http://i.stack.imgur.com/RIjW7.gif
Big E on the right hand side, date and time the package is due for delivery, type of service, routing letters above the big bar code
Ground: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0026/6377/6307/products/repair_shipping_label_1000x.jpeg?v=1560887275
Big G (or H for Home Delivery) on the right side, no date or time, no routing info except for the zip code

There are a few other types of labels for both Express and Ground, but these ones are the most common types you'll see.
		-- u/degco44, 18225 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK Google keeps a ridiculous amount of data about everything you do online and you can go to myactivity.google.com to review this data, delete any/all of it, and setup how google tracks and saves your data.

I went on and found audio clips of myself, saved from years ago when I was trying out the "Hey Google" functionality on my new Galaxy S6

[edited to correct my terrible memory]
		-- u/SlaterHauge, 13871 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK Google provides an account "self-destruct" feature buried in the account settings called "Inactive Account Manager". This feature would allow after a certain time frame of account inactivity, to have all of its data deleted.

While hunting on how to turn off a Google Chrome feature that I dont find super secure, I came across Google's [Inactive Account Manager](https://myaccount.google.com/inactive) (this is a link to the Support page for this feature). I know people always joke about what happens to their browser history when they die, well now you have an option to share that information (Or dont) with someone you love (Or not love) and then have that data removed from existence (though if you share it, its probably going to live on forever).
		-- u/Ghost_Snare, 10634 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK Happiness is a state of being and a practice. Not an achievement or goal.

Why YSK: Because happiness and fulfilment are often treated like endpoints, circumstances to "get to", or finish lines and they truly aren't.
		-- u/PastaWithoutNoodles, 17185 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK How to Escape Sleep Paralysis

(First two paragraphs are just explaining sleep paralysis)

For those of you who didn't know, when we fall asleep our bodies release a chemical into the part of our brain that controls movement, the chemicals being glycine and GABA . These essentially freeze your muscles, rendering you incapable of movement. This is done to keep us from acting out our dreams and injuring ourselves. (Sleepwalkers' bodies don't release enough of this chemical, hence the walking).

If you wake up during sleep paralysis there is a period in which you are literally paralyzed until your body realizes that you are awake. Additionally if you are a lucid dreamer you will often be aware of your paralysis while sleeping. Needless to say, sleep paralysis is terrifying, like claustrophobia to the nth degree. Many people also perceive 'demons' or other things holding them down. One of the most infamous of these is known as the Old Hag. 

To escape it, all you must do is focus on a small muscle like a single finger, though toes work well too. Your brain mainly focuses on freezing large muscles so if you try, your fingers are able to twitch. As soon as you move them the chemical in your brain will begin to dissipate. When you are freely moving your fingers, move on to a bigger muscle, like your hand. When your hand is moving freely, try your arm. Bit by bit you can slowly escape paralysis until you are fully mobile again. This method works very well for me and i have never been stuck in paralysis for long because of it. Stay calm, and focus on moving your fingers.

Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.
		-- u/Zazzerpoof, 19334 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK How to atone for your AH "joke"

YSK: there is a right way and a wrong way to explain yourself if you make a joke that crosses the line.

My sense of humor leans heavily on bone-dry deadpan sarcasm - which means sometimes people can't tell when I'm joking. This can land me in "accidental asshole" territory if I say something unintentionally hurtful. 

WHY YSK: Defensively stating "I was just joking/I wasn't serious/that was obviously a joke" is a diversionary non-apology. This is a form of gaslighting and only makes you a bigger asshole 

How to own your mistakes and make amends:
"My intentions weren't to hurt X (person/group), and I am sorry." Period. Full stop. No buts.
"I hear that it wasn't funny, I acknowledge that it was hurtful, and I won't joke about that again."
Add "Thank you for pointing that out to me" and bam! - no longer the asshole.
		-- u/RawrNurse, 12986 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK How to survive extreme heat without air conditioning

Why YSK: Knowing how to handle extreme heat in environments without air conditioning can save your life. As temperatures continue to rise, having this information might mean the difference between life and death. 

(*Evening*) As soon as the outside is the same temperature or cooler than inside, open as many doors and windows as possible. Try to increase air flow from outside to inside as much as possible. Cross breeze is best but not always achievable.

(*Morning*) As soon as the outside temperature is as hot as inside temperature close every door and window, and block out as much natural light as possible. Cardboard works great for blocking light and providing insulation. If you can find something reflective like car windshield screens, all the better.

Evaporative/swamp coolers are effective up to a surprisingly high ambient humidity, but if the water stops evaporating they can be worse than nothing at all.  Here's a simple evaporative cooler that uses stuff most people already have. There are many other more effective methods that are not as simple. https://youtu.be/gT-suY9wTuE

Ice is your friend. Wet towels in the freezer, water bottles, food storage containers, even zipper bags. DO NOT put too much non-frozen stuff in your freezer at once. It will thaw everything and freeze nothing. About 3 liters every hour is good for a larger sized freezer, approx 20 cu ft. Exceeding that amount might be result in nothing freezing, and everything thawing.

Spray bottles make great misters. Mist is great in low humidity, but counterproductive if it's not drying. Same goes for outside. Mist on a roof or wall is great for cooling a structure that is not well insulated as long as the water is still evaporating.

**Don't** move around a lot. **Don't** spend hours cooking or doing hot dishes or using hot electronics and tools. 

Hammocks are amazing. Anything that can allow air to pass beneath you is better than something solid or insulated. Flat surfaces are better than cushioned surfaces. The floor is probably the coolest place in the house.

Wear lightweight, light colored, completely covering and baggy clothing in the sun. If you have a wide brimmed hat, use it. Even if you will only be out in sun a short time. If you will be exposed to breeze in shade, baggy clothing will hold sweat but allow it to evaporate and can actually be cooler than no clothing.

Drink plenty of water, but make sure you are also drinking electrolytes. Refrigerated or iced water is pleasant. **FAILURE TO DRINK ELECTROLYTES WHILE CONSUMING LARGE QUANTITIES OF WATER CAN RESULT IN HYPONATREMIA.**

&gt;Easy electrolyte formula
&gt;&gt;&gt;1 liter of water
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;1/8 tsp epsom salt (as often as needed)
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;1/8 tsp non-iodized salt (as often as needed)
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;1/4 tsp potassium chloride/salt substitute/no-salt (daily maximum)

&gt;*If using this recipe more than once in a day, use potassium chloride only in the first dose.

**Be aware of the signs of heat exhaustion and heat stroke. Have a plan to treat and find help for yourself and anyone who might be vulnerable near you.**

[Heat exhaustion](https://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/heat-exhaustion)

[Heat stroke](https://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/heat-stroke-symptoms-and-treatment)

A cool bath can rapidly reduce body temperature in the event of an emergency.

Make sure to check on friends, family, and vulnerable neighbors regularly. Confusion is a common symptom of heat exposure and may lead to poor decision making.

Stay safe out there. Please anyone with other helpful tips comment them here. Something small might make all the difference.
		-- u/BenedictCumberdoots, 21030 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK If someone informs you they're suicidal, you should take that statement seriously and offer to help

I'm going to go out on a limb here and uncomfortably admit that I personally have dealt with suicidal ideation, in addition to several attempts in the past, and sometimes just having someone care and give a crap can be enough to talk you down from that ledge, so to speak.

Too often people dismiss cries for help and ignore those most in need, hocking it up to being dramatic or simply young. I've known well over 30 people who have taken their own lives and the vast majority of those individuals always reached out for help before deciding to end things, but it either wasn't given or taken seriously enough.

Even if it's just a stranger on the internet, offer to help.

Edit: I just wanted to put this out there - if anyone ever needs someone to talk to about any of this stuff, you can always hit me up. I will honestly respond as quickly as I can and will do my best to help you through any problems you're having.
		-- u/EJRose83, 13493 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK If you are a homeowner or renter, your home has a main water shut-off. The time to learn where it is, is right now.

When I bought my home 8 years ago, the prior owner made a big deal of showing me the water cut-off.  It is in a closet.  Today a pipe burst under my sink, and tons of water starting pouring everywhere.  Luckily, I remembered where the cutoff was, and I killed the water to the whole house.  Zero damage.  Just a big mess to cleanup.   If I didn't know where that cutoff dial was, it would have been thousands of dollars of damage.

Edit: typo
		-- u/grandlewis, 52508 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK If you are among the thousands of Americans yet to receive the (earlier) stimulus money, you could claim and receive it as a refund with your 2020 Returns next year.

Why YSK: I am in this situation. Althought the status online shows 'check was mailed on May 14th I haven't received it, nor did I see a direct deposit in my bank.

After a few attempts, talked to an IRS Agent who explained that I could claim a 'refund' and receive it with my tax filing next year. 

Also check [IRS FAQ](https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/economic-impact-payments-what-you-need-to-know)
		-- u/desi_guy11, 18891 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK If you are on the phone and the CSR says that this call "may" be recorded for quality assurance, that every call "IS" being recorded. Use this to your advantage as well please.

Background in online lending. If they say you might, you definitely are being recorded. If you are handling a dispute with any company, ask up front to have any and all recordings of your interaction saved to your customer file. This helps you greatly when you have to make multiple calls to argue an issue. Just simply trying to recall a date, time and name are difficult enough, and usually companies won't even look. Asking that the phone recordings be reviewed by the manager can usually have a better outcome for your cause. I am looking at you Frontier, your CS and business practices are atrocious.

EDIT: This may vary by industry.
		-- u/BusterBlevins, 14442 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK If you are trying to build muscle or lose fat, it often takes MONTHS of consistency to see results.

Why YSK:  I have had hundreds of conversations with people who say "dieting doesn't work" or "I can't lose weight/get in shape" because they give up after a couple weeks when they don't see immediate progress.

I am super passionate about lifting and nutrition, and it's been a big focus of my life for the past several years. One of the things that surprised me the most when I was a complete beginner was how long it actually takes to build muscle or to lose fat.

First and foremost, you NEED to be eating appropriately in order to support your training. You will never build muscle or lose fat otherwise.

Secondly, it takes a really long time to see those results, and this is where many people give up. I took progress photos nearly every day and I would say it took me around 12 weeks to see a noticeable difference between my first and last photo. And it was a very small difference. Don't listen to the magazine ads that claim you will pack on 10 lbs of muscle in 3 months, or that you can lose 27 lbs in 6 weeks for summer, etc. These things take a really long time, stick with it, and you will be rewarded.

Yes, you can lose fat by eating at an extreme deficit for 1 month, but the habits that led you to your current body shape will likely take hold again once you are done "suffering", which is why sustainable and consistent habits always win in the long run, and they allow you to really fine tune your routine so you can continue to make improvements.

So if you want to start getting in shape for summer vacation, there are two times to start: Either right now, when you still have a shot at making a small but noticeable difference in time, or the day after your vacation when you can put in a year's worth of work for next year!
		-- u/mrbubbamac, 19115 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK If you have Sprint as a mobile provider that around April of ‘19 they started adding 2 billable services without consent, totally $17 per month. If persistent, you can have all charges reversed. Check your bill!

They added a service called “Safe and Found” ($6.99) and “Lookout Premium” ($9.99) onto my bill without authorization. It took about an hour with their chat, but they finally relented to fill refund of $136 after I threatened to cancel service and report them to the FTC and BBB.

Edit: To all the people arguing against BBB. I don’t care if they don’t have integrity or fair rankings. It was a threat to get them to take this seriously. That’s all.
		-- u/cbytes1001, 11682 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK If you intend to leave electronics in the car for any reason while you are away from it, make sure to turn off all devices. Criminals are using radio and Bluetooth signal detectors to determine which car to hit.

One of my friend landed in Houston, went straight to dinner from the airport and left his luggage and laptop case in the car. His laptop was not powered down completely. When he returned, the back window of only his car was broken. The security video showed a guy walking the parking lot while aiming a signal detector at the cars and choosing his to break into.
		-- u/dips009, 21259 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK If you really feel the need to talk to someone there are "warm lines" you can call

**Why YSK:** Warm lines, unlike hotlines which are used for emergencies (ex. suicide hotline), are often available as well 24/7 and can be used if you just need to vent or talk to someone. Hope this helps. Talking to other human beings really helps.

[List of warm lines](https://screening.mhanational.org/content/need-talk-someone-warmlines/)
		-- u/whizzaban, 12618 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK If you vocalise your sufferring to someone and their response is dismissive, it reflects on their ability to provide support NOT the validity of your experience.

Why YSK : At times, sharing your suffering with someone may end up in the listener invalidating your pain. Internalising that can lead to self-flagellation and thus, delayed healing.
		-- u/OxfordComma165, 12265 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK If you're ever locked in an industrial freezer, you can disable the fans, thus stopling the freezer from staying cold and possibly saving your life

Happened to me today. A coworker locked the freezer (we just started doing so after a case of beer went missing) and he forgot to check inside first. I guess that's another YSK: CHECK THE DAMN FREEZER!!!

Edit: Stopping (Title)

Edit (2): You can disable any fan by turning the switch from on to off. Most switches are located directly below the fans. Sorry! First YSK!
		-- u/[deleted], 13322 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK If you're uncomfortable for no apparent reason, try some of these fixes:

Why YSK: Most people can be comfortable if they figure out what causes their discomfort and deal with it and/or try these methods! I recently discovered that years of frequent discomfort was being caused by nipple chaffing, and bandaids basically cured it right away.

1. Do yoga or stretches before and/or after bed. even 10-20 minutes helps, but the more the better.
2. Take a shower and put on moisturizer right after. Never too hot or too long.  /u/dizzley would add that you should try a range of moisturizers until you find one to suit. People's needs differ. I use a product called Aveeno and my second choice is Aqueous Cream as it's called in the UK.  /u/kikistiel Would like to add to number 2, before you put moisturizer on gently pat a toner on as well. People always forget the toner step but it’s so important! Imagine rubbing lotion on an dry sponge (no toner) vs a wet sponge (toner). It absorbs into the skin so much better and really makes a difference. You can get toners super cheap and I swear it’s like night and day :)
3. If your skin often feels irritated, try buying softer clothing like undershirts and underwear.  /u/stoicsticks said:  If you're not sure if a fabric is going to be scratchy to wear, try rubbing it lightly against the inside of your wrist. The skin there is more sensitive than your hands or fingertips.  
4. If your nipples area often feels uncomfortable it could be due to chaffing. You can put on a bandaid with almond or olive oil.
5. Correct your posture by being mindful of it throughout the day and doing stretches.  *Sleep in a good position with knee and neck support.  If your mattress sucks, biy a mattress topper.
6. Foam roll and do warmups before and after exercising.  Always follow exercise routines to prevent muscle imbalances and to prevent overtraining.
7. Take some deep breaths and relax.  Sometimes tension is held unconsciously, but you can consciously release it.  Relaxing on the exhale works very well for relaxing.
8. Take care of your bodies basic needs which definitely includes exercise.

Source:  [https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/13-benefits-of-yoga](https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/13-benefits-of-yoga)

Tips added by commenters:
1.  /u/sojayn Check your sensory overload.  Sometimes (for some people) background noise/lights/temperature translates into a physical restlessness or discomfit. Especially when working or focused and forgetting about your physicality. Try nature sounds headphones, adjust lighting and dress for the temperature.
2.  /u/5T6Rf6ut Drink some damn water. You're probably not properly hydrated.
3.  /u/catfurcoat I recommend the Downdog app for yoga but if you want something for free then the FitOn app has some yoga and bedtime routines (as well as a lot of good exercise videos) or Yoga With Adrienne on YT
4.  /u/jarredknowledge Strengthening our posterior chain goes a long way in alleviating issues surrounding static lifestyle and the inevitable posture issues that come with that
5.  /u/skbat As an introvert - get some alone time. Read, watch tv, whatever. Get the house to yourself if possible. When I'm grumpy it's almost always because I need alone time.
6.  /u/dvof meditate.  clear your mind and focus on yourself and surrounding. You'll become aware of tension in parts of the body that you hadn't before. Also try not to think about anything, your mind will probably wander off to something, but try to become aware of it and dissapate the thought. Then again focus on your body, breathing and surrounding again, actively thinking about nothing but the current moment. This basically gives your brain a moment to pause for a second and it really works.
7.  /u/YourLocalAnarch Another really good tip from my occupational physiotherapist and especially if you work from home: Always have your mouse at the same level as your elbow. Doing it so won't force your body more than it should, especially your posture.  If possible have your screen at the same level of your eyes as well!  /u/LadyJig adds:  In reference to sitting at a desk:  A good quality chair is super important. You may here the term "ergonomic" thrown around a lot, but it's actually incredibly important. Chronic pain often arises from poorly fitted but often used equipment, like a desk chair. Ideally, you want your knees to be at a 90deg angle, good back and neck support, and your arms to rest comfortably at a neutral angle. It's also preferable to keep your head straight as much as possible, otherwise you will fatigue your neck.  If you'd like to see how good your desk is, check out this assessment!  Source: me, a Human Factors Engineering student who did a gigantic project on ergonomics
8.  /u/rojm Write down the things that are bothering you and what you will do about it or how you should feel or cope or learn from it. I use the checklist in my phone’s notes app. Negative thoughts have been intruding and they are very irrational and I know this and writing down how I felt finally turned off those thoughts.
9.  /u/Kost_Gefernon Feeling irritated or that you are tensing up or clenching your teeth and can’t seem to stop?  Force yourself to smile, then open your mouth wide to stretch your jaw. Repeat a few times.  Add in some double chins (moving your head back to make a double chin while keeping your head upright), and rub the back of your neck.  Poor head posture can cause a chain reaction of tension that leads to tight jaws and a headache. You don’t know what is causing it, which antagonizes the negative feeling, and the situation feeds itself. You can turn it off by smiling.
10.  /u/LiezLies Left to right rhythmic movements and things that engage symmetrical body movements - things like walking up and down the hall while on a phone call, swimming laps (particularly breaststroke), knitting or crocheting. We see this in animals when they pace up and down.
11.  /u/LiezLies Intuitive movement - quite literally shaking it out. Put a song on, and move your body however feels good, don’t try to dance, just move your body, including shaking movements. We see this in dogs when they shake after a tense situation.
12.  /u/awreathafranklin You might be in actual danger. I'm surprised no one has said this yet. We have been taught to "rationalise" warning signs are bodies are telling us. Assess your surroundings. Is there anyone you are unfamiliar with or who just entered the immediate space? Is that when you became "uncomfortable"? In the event you need to get out, where are you exits? Does anyone know where you are right now? Is there anyone around you that you can trust? Trust your gut, worst case you're wrong and still safe. Uncomfortable can mean so many things. LPT: Become comfortable with your body and learn to listen. (I'm adding that doing slow deep breathing can take you out of fight or flight mode)
13.  /u/magicEightballA_A Food is also important. Eat fruit man. Lots of it. I hate eating vegetables but I love fruit so started eat more of that and lemme tell you, it helps. I have lots more energy throughout the day and it definitely helps. I eat bananas in the morning, some citrus like oranges after lunch and sometimes an odd pear or apple with dinner.
14.  /u/7moonwalker7 Go alone for a walk in a forest or park. Or any nature area. I love going deep into a forest at night, especially in the winter when I can enjoy the stars, northern lights and the snow covered trees.
15.  /u/Stalinwolf Take some magnesium too. 150mg of Magnesium Citrate is my jam.  /u/ispebblespeople DONT supplement minerals at random! Minerals in too high amounts will poison you. The tip should instead be to take a blood test to check your levels and supplement accordingly, or track your diet for a few days in e.g. chronometer and supplement only if you're consistently low balling certain minerals  (I'll add:  make sure you supplement anything your diet is low in, or adding nutrient dense foods with what you're low in of course is better.)
16.  /u/Ill_Age_1853 I used to have trouble sleeping until I started stretching my knees out
17.  /u/shapeshifter83 My discomfort has always come from my lower digestive system. My tips are: smaller portions, keto/low carb (less gas production down there), avoid coffee/dairy/spicy, intake dietary fiber on the regular or take a fiber pill, regular exercise, pants that sit very high and fit right.  Also I'm mildly autistic with the typical autistic tendency to dislike things on my skin while paradoxically also disliking to feel uncovered, sleeping naked underneath a weighted blanket has been great.
18.  /u/steakndbud I'd recommend a theracane over foam rolling. Much more intuitive to use correctly.
19.  /u/Mondonodo I'm gonna be the horndog of the thread when I say this, but maybe try masturbating. Can be a nice stress release.
20.  /u/KeithMyArthe I'd add... listen to any feelings of nagging dread or doubt. 
 I developed sepsis due to a blockage in one kidney. There was no pain, pretty much asymptomatic except for an overwhelming fear that something wasn't right.  The ER doctor told me that if I had slept on it I might not have made it to the hospital. He estimated 10 to 12 hours before it became unlikely they could have dealt with it as effectively as they did.
21.  /u/DopeandDiamonds If you are uncomfortable just ask yourself  "Am I doing OK?"  "Do I feel comfortable?"  "How can I be happy in this moment?"  So much of our internal discomfort comes from simply not checking in on how we are doing mentally. Some people need that outlet of being asked how they are to really take a moment and reflect.  It sounds dumb and simple but sometimes we need to have a mental check in. I have done this and burst into tears without knowing I was holding shit in that I couldn't manage.
22.  /u/marlboroprincess I’m late to this party, but make sure you’re aware of your stimulant intake. Too much caffeine in a day will give me a “bees in my teeth” type feeling. Like my skin is itchy on the inside of my body. I can’t shake and it can trigger a panic episode until i remember that i had a giant coffee or whatever. Have a glass of water, it will help your body metabolize caffeine :)
23.  /u/Sapiencia6 Sometimes you might find yourself irritable and annoyed by every little thing, the natural noises of your environment are suddenly grating, the light just isn't right, etc. Stress and anxiety can cause your sensory input to be overwhelming. Even if you don't feel that you would have any reason to suffer from sensory overload, keep some grounding exercises in your back pocket for when something "feels wrong" but you don't know why.  1.  Focus on a tangible item in your environment. Think of as many adjectives as you can to describe it using each of your senses. What can you say about its visual appearance? What does it smell like, or what do you imagine it smells like? What would it sound like if you used it to make a noise? What does it feel like? What would it taste like? Do this for as many things in your surrounding as you need until you feel relaxed.  2.  Close your eyes and take deep breaths in through your nose and out through your mouth. Count slowly to seven while you inhale, hold for seven, and time your exhale to seven. Then focus on tensing and releasing every muscle in your body, one by one, working down from your head to your toes. You may not realize where your body is holding tension, especially in your face. Tense your forehead, release. Tense your eyes, release. Your nose. Your jaw. Your whole face. Your neck. Your shoulders. Etc. By the time you reach your toes you will have hopefully relaxed your whole body.
24.  /u/glockGotaDick  Also try the Wim Hof method, super relaxing breathing method
		-- u/Snuggly-Muffin, 19985 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK If your Nike sneakers are damaged you can get a new pair for free, without a receipt, within 2 years of purchase. Nike will either give you a brand-new pair or a gift card for the same value

Why YSK: Nike's return policy allows customers to return sneakers or apparel within 2 years of the manufacture date if they develop flaws in their workmanship or materials. Here is a link to the source, with the fine print from Nike: https://www.nike.com/help/a/shoe-warranty
		-- u/TonyLiberty, 10995 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK If your car is totaled, tell your insurance company to find 3 similar vehicles in the market for the amount of $ they're offering. You do NOT have to accept their first offer or agree to repair a car which often times SHOULD NOT be repaired.

Why YSK:

**1.)** Insurance will ALWAYS try to offer low first, sometimes leaving you with a balance owed on your old vehicle loan or leaving you unable to replace your vehicle with a vehicle of similar value.

**2.)** They may also try to force you to repair a vehicle which is so damaged that it will be nearly worthless **(or dangerous)** after the repair.

With the price of used (and new) vehicles skyrocketing, insurance companies are pushing heavily to "repair" vehicles with fire damage, frame damage, firewall damage, etc; due to the high cost of replacing your vehicle often leaving you with something unsafe and also worthless to any potential buyer in the future.

**What to do:**

**Situation 1.)** Ask the insurance company to provide you with a list of 3 of the exact same trim of vehicle, in the same condition, with the same mileage for the $ they're giving you. They will be forced to give you a proper amount, in order to replace the vehicle you were paying them to insure.

**Situation 2.)** Get an **independent estimate** from a reputable body shop, and if you believe your vehicle is beyond repair and ask the body shop if it were their car, would they repair it? If the answer is "no", then fight your insurance company because you're about to get a raw deal..and possibly end up with a vehicle that's now dangerous and also possibly worthless to any lender or any future buyer (or any future insurance payout..)
		-- u/saaatchmo, 18945 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK If your kids are in need of more structure, you shouldn't give them too many warnings before doling out discipline as they'll take the initial threat of it less seriously than they would over more consistent and immediate correction

Why YSK: Kids will try to get away with as much as they can and will constantly test the limits of your authority as a parent. If you provide too many warnings it turns the situation into a game for them where they may wait until you reach a breaking point and lose your cool before listening to you.
		-- u/EJRose83, 30488 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK If your teacher or professor doesn't want you using Wikipedia, you can go to the References section and use Wikipedia's sources.

My seventh grade teacher taught me this. All you have to do is click the down arrow next to References and it shows you all the sources Wikipedia uses and what sections they took the info from.
		-- u/Ethan_ML10, 16463 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK If your think your dog is starting to become senial and showing signs of old age, there may be something wrong, and it may be worth getting them checked out.

Im writing this with hope it could possibly help another pet partnership somewhere. My dog is 10, and started to become a less energetic, and wanted to sleep more. We went on a walk that was comically slow, and i figured shes probably just tired and getting old. Its easy to assume everything is normal and its simply just old age or an off day. I recently found out that she had a tumor as well as cancer. In hind sight, there was signs and my dog was trying to tell me, but I wasn’t hearing it because i wasn’t listening for it. Please, listen to your pets if they are telling you something. My auto pilot was just to think “shes getting old, her hips are probably sore”. 
Once we had the tumor removed she seemed 2 years younger, she is so full of life and happy. Its easy to write off changes to the easiest explanation that comes to mind, but theres a chance theres more to the story. Take a step back and think about a check up. It could reveal something your not seeing. It has the opportunity to give new information to the situation, and possibly save their life. At the very least, give you the chance to appreciate the last part of their life with them.
		-- u/SleepingDiddy, 14804 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK If you’ve ever given the Amazon app on your phone microphone access, the app will be always listening when open, ostensibly for Hey Alexa keyword detection

Why YSK: This is a potential privacy concern. I had used the voice button in app to make Alexa add an item to my cart, only way to access an offer on said item. Today I noticed the mic activity indicator was on while using the app.

EDIT: To everyone saying it's only used for hotword detection: Cool, so you're absolutely positive Amazon's hotword detection is 100% accurate, they don't send sample recordings for diagnostic purposes, say for techs to manually review to improve their matching algorithms. I'm not saying they do, since I don't have the time to read their terms of service, nor the time to analyze the code or sit and monitor the data going in and out of the app with a packet sniffer. But it's not something I'm personally comfortable with.

I allowed the app microphone privileges under the assumption it would only be used when when I hit the microphone button, I may have skipped the part where they disclosed the app would indeed be always listening. Since I overlooked it, I assumed others might too, so I made this post.
		-- u/WolfRamAlpha12, 28008 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK In addition to wiping snow off all windows of your vehicle you should also wipe off headlights, tail lights, hood, and roof.

Source 23 years in northern Michigan. 

Why YSK: 
Wiping off headlights and tail lights are to help others see you, even if you don't need the headlights to see. Wiping off the hood prevents snow from flying back up at the windshield making it hard to see even with the wipers on and wiping it off the roof prevents it from flying back at others. 
I thought most people knew this but driving around I see way too many people that haven't done these things. 

The roof part is the most important and there's ice on the roof because that can do some damage to another car If it flies off at high speeds.

Edit: so I just looked it up and it turns out that not wiping off your headlights is illegal in Michigan as well as allowing things to fly off your car that could impair other drivers view. It just seems that nobody cares or knows.
		-- u/TrekkieTay, 23619 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK In the US the signs on the backs of dump trucks that say "stay back x distance, not responsible for broken windshields" are absolutely false. They are still liable for everything that is on their truck.

Just got my windshield replaced after a quick phone call to the company with a truck number/date/and time of incident, even though one of those signs was in clear view on the back of the truck. The sign is just a scare tactic and hold no legal meaning.
		-- u/ibmxgeo, 14557 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK In the US, if you have a landline phone #, you can probably save a significant amount of money by switching it to the free Google Voice Service. You will be able to have this number work on your cell phone, effectively giving you 2 numbers on your cell phone without losing your home phone #.

Why YSK:  Many people keep their landline # at a cost of \~$15/month because so many people have the number and it is too difficult to tell everybody to use a new number.  This is potentially wasted money.

It's a 2-step process.  You can't directly transfer to Google Voice.  It will cost about $45, or 3 months of landline service to pay for itself.

Step 1 - Port your landline to a cell service.  In my case, I used T-Mobile prepaid.  I paid $25 for the cheapest plan ($10 sim card with $15 for 1 month of service).  When you buy the prepaid sim, they will ask if you want to port the service, say yes, and put in your current details.  After the SIM arrives, place it in an old phone, (or your current one if you don't have an old one around).  Try to place a call, etc. and confirm the number has been ported.  It may take a few days.

Step 2 - Port your (new) cell service to Google Voice. [Google Voice Porting Check.](https://www.google.com/voice/b/0/porting?pli=1)  There is a one time $20 fee for this.  Once complete, your cell service will be cancelled.  

At this point, you can install the Google Voice app on your phone, and you will be able to receive calls to this number on your cell phone, in addition to your regular cell #.

If you want to get super fancy, you can purchase a  VoIP Adapter.  This will essentially give you landline service with that number.  You can plug your landline phone into the adapter, just like any wall socket.  When somebody rings that landline #, it will ring both your cell and VoIP, so you can answer it on either phone.  The  Obihai OBi200 is probably the best device for this, but there are others.  This device costs about $50, so this will increase the payback time, but it will still pay itself back in a few months.

Important note:  You will lose 911 service on that landline.  If you need 911, you should use your regular cell phone, from your regular cell phone #.

Edit: 

If you get the obitalk device, you can get 911 service for $15/year

If you don't like Google, other options include VOIP.ms, which starts at 85 cents per month and offers unlimited for 5 bucks a month with 911.  Still a huge savings over regular landline. 

If Google drops Google Voice, you will have plenty of time to move over to VOIP.ms, which starts at 85 cents per month.
		-- u/grandlewis, 13655 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK Inert Gas Asphyxiation is a silent killer and to leave the area and call emergency services if suspected.

Why YSK responding appropriatly can save your life and possibly others. If asphyxiation is suspected immediatly leave the area and call emergency services. 
I saw a [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/IrrationalMadness/comments/inkr87/wcgw_swimming_into_suspiciously_looking_well/) (warning NSFL) where a guy jumps into a murky well and does not surface. The presumed context was high CO2 concentration. Someone said that the cameraman's inaction likely killed the swimmer. THIS IS UNTRUE AND VERY DANGEROUS INFORMATION. [Inert Gas Asphyxiation](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inert_gas_asphyxiation) IS DEADLY! With inert gasses there is no scent or visable warning. 1 or 2 breaths is all that is needed to become unconscious. Without proper breathing equipment any attempt at recue can become immediatly fatal. [A family of four and 1 farm hand died as a result of "domino effect" as each person attempted to save the last in a dairy farm manure pit.](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/19580177/ns/us_news-life/t/two-kids-among-five-killed-methane-gas/) You should know about the danger of inert gas asphyxiation as it can save lives. In training for these situations it is common to be told if someone succumbs to a potential gas leak to assume they are dead and to leave the area before you die too. Be safe out there.

Edit: spelling and grammar

Edit: A lot of people are asking if they can hold their breath and help the other person. The answer is yes (/s),  IF YOU WANT TO DIE. You cannot lift and carry a human person up stairs ( or possibly down) while holding your breath. The training is always clear. DO NOT ENTER  (without SCBA) OR ELSE YOU BOTH DIE. 

Edit: ~~Can anyone find the gif where the old white guy throws a flare into a hole and all the villagers watch as the smoke settles at the boundary of the gas layers? I thought that would be a good visual for people and I've seen it in the front page before but cant find it anywhere.~~
 
Examples in nature:

 [Mazuku - Deadly CO2 Pockets](https://youtu.be/YEPNYRD09es) Found by
 u/Chumpk1ller

The [Lake Nyos Disaster](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Nyos_disaster) killed 1,700 people in the 1980's commented by u/growwwwler
		-- u/Aimin4ya, 15736 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK It is highly unethical for someone to appraise an item for you and then make an offer to buy it. They are likely attempting to swindle you out of a lot of money. If that happens, be sure to go get an appraisal from someone else

Whether it's Jewelry, Art, Property, or whatever it may be, it is unethical for someone to give you an appraisal and then immediately offer to buy it from you. That's a giant red flag that you should go to someone else for an appraisal, perhaps even getting multiple appraisals from different unrelated sources.

Why YSK: They could be giving you a knowingly very low appraisal so they can sell it themselves and make a lot of money off of you. For example: You bring in your Grandpa's old Gold Watch to get appraised, the appraiser appraises the item for $1,200, knowing it's worth closer to $10,000. You feel pretty good about having $1,200 in your pocket, but you just got swindled out of $8,800. You poor sap. What would your Grandpa think of you? He'd probably say "You damn fool! That was a Rolex! You just got flim-flammed!"...or something along those lines.

For really expensive items, it's a good idea to get multiple appraisals anyways, but if any appraiser turns around and makes an offer, you should run in the opposite direction. It's also easier than ever to research items you own that may be of value, thanks to the Internet. By doing 20mins to an hour of research online, you could find out everything you need to know about any potentially valuable item you may have and get a rough estimate of it's worth. You may also not find any info on the item you are looking for, but it's worth try. 

Shout out to Antiques Roadshow who often educates viewers on this unethical practice of appraising something and then making and offer on it.
		-- u/wankawitz, 35657 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK It is totally fine to want a quiet, simple life of stability. You do not have to strive to change to world; you are not selfish for that. In fact, putting yourself first is noble in itself.

Why YSK: It’s okay if you want to just read a book on the weekends or play video  games or go on hikes. it’s okay to just live. I know that sometimes we  think about all of the grand ways we can change the world and we get  down on ourselves when we feel like we don’t live up to our own  standards, but it is absolutely okay to let yourself breathe and realize  that you don’t HAVE to change the world - it’s okay to focus on  yourself.
		-- u/LucioCheerio, 39354 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK It's ok to be wrong.

Being wrong doesn't make you less of a person. Being wrong does not invalidate you as a human being. No one is right about everything. Refusing to  acknowledge new information is more detrimental to your character than your opinion changing when presented with valid information. If your original opinion does not support the valid information then admit it and reevaluate. Your opinion will become more trustworthy and you will have earned respect as a result.
		-- u/Guy_From_Internet, 22542 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK It’s “I couldn’t care less” not “I could care less”

“I could care less” implies that you actually care, even a little bit. “I couldn’t care less” is likely what people actually mean.
		-- u/hamsterpopcorn, 12252 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK Just because some company state they will not accept any responsibility for damaged or lost items doesn’t mean they can’t be held responsible

Why YSK: these disclaimers are just an easy way to prevent consumers or clients pursuing compensation from the company. And sadly, many people don’t take action because of it.
		-- u/lieV_aapje, 13710 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK Laser pointers are NOT recommended for dogs. After chasing them, dogs can easily become obsessed over lights, reflections, and even shadows, it can cause neurological change and lead to a very stressed out and unhappy dog.

Laser pointers may initially seem like a great way to exercise your dog. Unfortunately, they can cause serious problems for their future. We’ve all seen the videos of dogs (and cats) chasing that elusive red dot. You may have even done it with your pup. While we’re providing a few minutes of entertainment, they meet with an enormous amount of frustration. They can never be successful.

After playing like this, dogs can easily become obsessed over lights, reflections, and even shadows. This type of OCD behavior is based on their frustration. It also seems to change the neurology of the brain. Dogs become obsessed over reflections. They may chase everything from your watch on the wall or light shining through glass doors. They are constantly on the lookout for anything that is similarly reflective.

The constant watchfulness becomes a neurotic and obsessive behavior, and a very unhappy way of being. I have also read that it is difficult, if not impossible, to reverse. Something gets switched on in the brain and becomes perpetual.

High-energy dogs and dogs with high prey drive are more susceptible to this condition. However, it can happen in all dogs. I read about a home consultation with five dogs in the household. The family had been using a laser pointer as an outlet for perceived exercise for the entire pack. Four of the five dogs were suffering from the syndrome.

EDIT, from what people have said it clearly can affect cats too, maybe not to the same extent but it's clearly still a big no-no. 

[https://dogpsychology101.com/laser-pointer-syndrome-dogs/](https://dogpsychology101.com/laser-pointer-syndrome-dogs/)

[https://www.rauanimalhospital.com/resources/blog/cats-dogs/laser-pointers-good-idea-your-cat-not-your-dog](https://www.rauanimalhospital.com/resources/blog/cats-dogs/laser-pointers-good-idea-your-cat-not-your-dog)

[https://www.akc.org/expert-advice/lifestyle/laser-pointers-more-frustration-than-fun/](https://www.akc.org/expert-advice/lifestyle/laser-pointers-more-frustration-than-fun/)
		-- u/HeadbangerNeckInjury, 15713 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK Many Roomba's are now locked to a subscription, don't buy them secondhand, it's a scam

iRobot, the makers of Roomba are selling some of their vacuums with no upfront cost but a $30 monthly subscription fee (for replacement parts and service). If you go to buy certain used Roombas (i7 or j7 model seems most common) you will find them for a good price but when you turn it on it will tell you it needs an active subscription. The subscription is $30 a month... to use your robot you just bought... and it will never work without a subscription. On top of that for free you could have signed up for the subscription service and they will send you a brand new, most up to date model Roomba. So essentially you just paid $200 for an older model Roomba on top of the $360 annual fee when you could have just paid the $360 annual fee for a new Roomba.

Why YSK: if you find a good price on certain used Roombas you are likely being scammed into a mandatory subscription. You could instead sign up for the subscription for the same price and get a brand new model Roomba but you will never be able to resell it.
		-- u/superua, 25826 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK More Pets are lost on the 4th of July (in the US) than any other day of the year. Please keep a close eye on your Pets tonight, even if they have not been spooked by Fireworks in the past

Not surprising to most, but just a reminder that many Pets get spooked by fireworks, some more than others. It's smart to take precautions for ***all*** pets, regardless of how unafraid they may have been of loud noises in the past. Pets that have been fine in past years can still be unexpectedly spooked.

For instance, our Senior Golden Retriever has become much more spooked by loud noises in his advanced age, when in the past he was never nearly as spooked.

Here's some tips copied and pasted from [This Link](http://patch.com/california/temecula/4th-july-fireworks-terrifying-pets-safety-tips-follow) (Focused on Dogs, but most tips can be applied to other pets as well):

&gt;1: Exercise will help your dog relax, so take your dog for a walk and a potty break before the fireworks or festivities begin. Even if you’re in your yard, you may want to leash your dog in case of unexpected noise.

&gt;2: Find a safe place indoors for your pet to stay. Ambient noise from a TV, radio, fan or A/C unit can help make pets feel safe.

&gt;3: Keep your windows closed.

&gt;4: Avoid bringing your dog to your local Independence Day parade.

&gt;5: Inspect your fence for openings.

&gt;6: Be certain your dog’s tag is readable and up-to-date, his collar is properly fitted and, if your dog has a microchip, the information in the microchip is accurate. Microchips to do not provide GPS or tracking information, but contain important information about your pet, and how to contact you.

&gt;7: Create a quiet place for your dog or cat. Make sure it is cool enough, comfortable enough and away from the celebrations. Once you have located the spot, make it off-limits to guests.

&gt;8: If your animal requires prescriptions to cope with the fireworks, make sure you get them well before the Fourth of July holiday. Most veterinarians are closed for the holiday and emergency clinics will not prescribe tranquilizers.

&gt;9: If you're having or attending a cook-out with a pet, remind guests to watch their plates and to properly dispose of their garbage. A steak bone/chicken bone or a corn cob is appetizing but can be deadly to your dog.

&gt;10: Post notes or signs on back gates or front and rear doors that an animal is present and to be careful to close doors and gates when entering or exiting.

&gt;11: Make sure that your pet has on its rabies tags for identification purposes and she is wearing a collar and tag with your name and phone number in case of escape. Most pet stores, such as Petco or Petsmart, have machines inside the store where you can make pet ID tags on the spot.

&gt;12: Watch where your dog or cat go before the Fourth of July when the neighborhood hooligans start blowing off fireworks. See where your pet seeks quiet and make that their space.

Why YSK: The night of July 4th in the US sees the most cases of lost/killed animals, with July 5th being the busiest day for Animal Shelters.
 
I know the 4th of July can be a very stressful time for Veterans as well, but I'll leave that to someone else with much more knowledge on that subject. 

Hope you and your pets have a safe and happy Independence Day!
		-- u/wankawitz, 10691 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK More Pets are lost on the 4th of July (in the US) than any other day of the year. Please keep a close eye on your Pets tonight, even if they have not been spooked by Fireworks in the past

Not too surprising to most, but just a reminder that many Pets get spooked by fireworks, some more than others. Why YSK: The night of July 4th in the US sees the most cases of lost/killed animals, with July 5th being the busiest day for Animal Shelters.

**It's smart to take precautions for all pets, regardless of how unafraid they may have been of loud noises in the past. Pets that have been fine in past years can still be unexpectedly spooked.**

For instance, our Senior Golden Retriever has become much more spooked by loud noises in his advanced age, when in the past he was never nearly as spooked.

Here's some tips copied and pasted from [This Link](http://patch.com/california/temecula/4th-july-fireworks-terrifying-pets-safety-tips-follow) (Focused on Dogs, but most tips can be applied to other pets as well):

&gt;1: Exercise will help your dog relax, so take your dog for a walk and a potty break before the fireworks or festivities begin. Even if you’re in your yard, you may want to leash your dog in case of unexpected noise.

&gt;2: Find a safe place indoors for your pet to stay. Ambient noise from a TV, radio, fan or A/C unit can help make pets feel safe.

&gt;3: Keep your windows closed.

&gt;4: Avoid bringing your dog to your local Independence Day parade.

&gt;5: Inspect your fence for openings.

&gt;6: Be certain your dog’s tag is readable and up-to-date, his collar is properly fitted and, if your dog has a microchip, the information in the microchip is accurate. Microchips to do not provide GPS or tracking information, but contain important information about your pet, and how to contact you.

&gt;7: Create a quiet place for your dog or cat. Make sure it is cool enough, comfortable enough and away from the celebrations. Once you have located the spot, make it off-limits to guests.

&gt;8: If your animal requires prescriptions to cope with the fireworks, make sure you get them well before the Fourth of July holiday. Most veterinarians are closed for the holiday and emergency clinics will not prescribe tranquilizers.

&gt;9: If you're having or attending a cook-out with a pet, remind guests to watch their plates and to properly dispose of their garbage. A steak bone/chicken bone or a corn cob is appetizing but can be deadly to your dog.

&gt;10: Post notes or signs on back gates or front and rear doors that an animal is present and to be careful to close doors and gates when entering or exiting.

&gt;11: Make sure that your pet has on its rabies tags for identification purposes and she is wearing a collar and tag with your name and phone number in case of escape. Most pet stores, such as Petco or Petsmart, have machines inside the store where you can make pet ID tags on the spot.

&gt;12: Watch where your dog or cat go before the Fourth of July when the neighborhood hooligans start blowing off fireworks. See where your pet seeks quiet and make that their space.
 
I know the 4th of July can be stressful for Veterans as well, but I'll leave that to someone else with much more knowledge on the subject. 

Hope you and your pets have a safe and happy Independence Day!
		-- u/wankawitz, 19236 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK Most people can't tell the difference between cheap vs expensive wine - not even wine connoisseurs.

Why YSK: Spending more money on expensive wine is usually a waste and most people can't tell the difference anyway, not even wine enthusiasts.

[Here's an example](https://www.decanter.com/wine-news/new-york-restaurant-mistake-mouton-rothschild-1989-446051-446051/).  "NY restaurant couple mistakenly served $2000 Mouton 1989 after  ordering $18 Pinot. A young couple who ordered an $18 Pinot Noir at  Balthazar in New York found themselves enjoying Mouton Rothschild 1989  listed at $2,000 following a mix-up, according to owner Keith McNally.

Staff at Balthazar poured the two wines into identical decanters, but  the one containing Mouton Rothschild 1989 was accidentally sent to the  young couple’s table, said the New York restaurant’s owner, Keith  McNally.

Four Wall Street businessmen at another table had ordered the  Bordeaux First Growth – the most expensive wine on the restaurant’s list  at $2,000 (£1,528) – but were served the $18 Pinot, the restaurant’s  cheapest, said McNally.

None of the diners appeared to initially spot the error, McNally  said, reporting that Balthazar’s manager on the night said the host of  the business dinner praised the cheaper wine’s purity."
		-- u/jhovudu1, 35037 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK NASA has a webpage that offers advice to those wanting to write convincing science-fiction.

[https://er.jsc.nasa.gov/seh/SFTerms.html](https://er.jsc.nasa.gov/seh/SFTerms.html)
		-- u/jbuk02, 42550 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK NEVER to flush ANY wipes (baby, disinfectant, etc.), it will clog your septic system and do costly damage

Even the kind that claim to be 'flushable' aren't really, especially not on a massive scale like we're seeing right now as people turn to using them more than ever before.

Save yourself a very expensive visit from the plumber, and dispose of them in a trash bag. 

Better yet - use an alternative, these things are awful for the environment. Bidets for bathrooms, washable rags/old t-shirts for cleaning with are some ideas.

Edit: For those who still have doubts, please google "fatberg" and peruse the image results after reading detailed descriptions. Also, read the DOZENS of firsthand accounts in this very thread from sewer maintenance workers, plumbers, and others who have experienced the horror that can result from this.

THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS TRULY FLUSHABLE WIPES. Toilet paper is the only product designed to DISINTEGRATE fully.

Just because it goes down your toilet bowl and vanishes before your eyes, doesn't mean it's all good. The reason companies market "flushable" wipes is because there's no law preventing them from doing so, and clearly, there ought to be.
		-- u/griftylifts, 27138 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK Never Chase Running Dog

Why YSK  
dogs instinctively run in the opposite direction when they’re being chased (whether they think it’s from danger or they think it’s a game). if you can get their attention long enough for them to look back at you than:
1- run the in opposite direction. your dog is most likely to chase after you because they think it’s a game and dogs love to chase
2- if you’re in a safe place to do so (not in the middle of the street, etc) drop to the ground and lay down. your dogs instinctive curiosity and care for you will take over and they’ll likely run back to check and make sure you’re ok 
3- YELP!! don’t scream, don’t shout their name, but make a high pitch yelping sound (similar to the way your dog will do when they’re sad, hurt, or upset). chances are your pup will stop in his tracks and (again instinctively) rush to your aid.
		-- u/stephrules45, 14494 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK Not to hang tinsel or garland that covers your house numbers

I work as a delivery driver in a residential-heavy area. As of this week, I've had a much more difficult time finding the correct houses because everyone is hanging tinsel and garlands from their porches, driveway lights, etc, that block view of their house number.

Why YSK:
This is one of the busiest times of the year, in one of the craziest years in the history of online shopping and deliveries. Please do us a favor and remove anything obstructing the view of your house numbers. Your delivery drivers will thank you!
		-- u/bluuSlurpee, 16743 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK Not to stop the flow of traffic to let someone pull out.

If traffic is moving you should not come to a complete stop to let someone out of a parking lot. To add to this, don’t block the box.

Why YSK-

It’s an accident waiting to happen. Never mind if they’re turning left the other side of oncoming traffic may not stop and could result in a multi car crash. Just keep moving, when the road is clear they can pull out. It’s common sense not to block the box but it seems I’m seeing more and more impatient drivers everyday. You will cause a road block, and inevitably cause traffic, which just backs everything up. Please be patient and keep traffic moving.
		-- u/tht5spdxjsara, 27053 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK On Monday, 14 November, the moon will be the biggest and brightest it has been in more than 60 years

At 8:09PM GMT, the moon will pass by the Earth at a distance of 356,511km – the closest it has passed the Earth since 1948. As it does so, it will be a full moon, making it a particularly big supermoon. Supermooons are roughly 30% larger in area and 30% brighter than the smallest full moons.
It should be a great time to get outside and gaze at it or take some photos.
		-- u/kpetar, 12292 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK Overdosing on Tylenol (Acetaminophen/Paracetamol/Panadol) is a slow, painful way to die

Why YSK: Due to being cheap, readily available, and easily accessible, Tylenol overdose has become one of the most common suicide methods. However, people don’t realize how truly awful a Tylenol overdose really is. 

The first 0-24 hours you may feel nothing, or mild symptoms. After that, the torture begins. You will suffer profuse vomiting, edema (your body swells up), a crushing headache, turn yellow, and feel like your liver and kidneys are being stabbed nonstop, what people often describe as the worst pain they’ve ever experienced, and bleeding. This goes on for days or even weeks. Meanwhile, if you reach the final stage, you are suffering as you wait for a liver transplant (which you’ll be at the bottom of the list for) or death (when your organs shut down). 

Most people survive Tylenol overdoses; however, they are often left with permanent liver/kidney/brain damage, which can require things such as dialysis for multiple hours several times per week, medication, and lifestyle changes.

What can be done? 3 things:

1. Educate people on the reality of an OD.

2. Mandate that Tylenol be sold in blister-pack form. When the UK implemented this, intentional overdoses declined by 43 percent!

3. Treat the underlying problem. We have a mental health crisis, and it’s not going to go away on its own. Developed countries especially need to work on providing resources to people with mental health conditions, before it escalates to suicide.

Source: https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/injuries-and-poisoning/poisoning/acetaminophen-poisoning

If you or someone you know ODs on acetaminophen, Tylenol, paracetamol, panadol, APAP, or whatever else you call it, GO TO THE ER IMMEDIATELY. There is an antidote that is extremely effective within 8 hours and helpful up to 48 hours after.
		-- u/[deleted], 23980 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK Recycling is not as good for the environment as it is made out to be, and should only be used once more sustainable options have been exhausted.

When discussing sustainability there is a massive focus on recycling and while a focus on sustainability is good, recycling was never intended to be a top priority. Recycling is often overprioritized and overused, which may result in a net negative effect on the environment due to shipping processes used.

In reality, recycling is intended to be used as a small part of a larger strategy, referred to as "reduce reuse recycle". this is intended as a list of steps/priorities in which recycling comes last. Recycling is last because it is the last resort, and only slightly better than throwing things away. In fact, only 9.1% of plastic sent to be recycled actually gets recycled, the rest is wasted. Before recycling, you should first try to reduce your consumption, reuse what items you can, and if something must be disposed of, see if it can be recycled.

For example:

1. Reduce: Rather than buying a pack of water bottles, only buy one or two reusable ones.
2. Reuse: Once the bottle is empty, fill it up again.
3. Recycle: If the bottle is no longer usable for some reason, recycle it.

Some tips:

1. Durable and long-lasting products are more cost-effective and cleaner (LED bulbs).
2. Maintaining, and replacing small parts is better than replacing an entire device (adding new parts to an old computer). Internet tutorials can help with this stuff.
3. Large containers produce less waste (buying in bulk).

Edit: Other things to take into consideration:

1. Paper and cardboard can often be composted or recycled very effectively, making it a great material for items that must be disposable.
2. Metals are great. Not only can they be reused for long periods of time, they can also be recycled efficiently if needed. Some places may even pay for items such as cans.
3. Reuse often saves money, despite the increased cost upfront. For example, a $6 1000 cycle AA battery, would save you $294 over its lifetime when compared to a 30 cent disposable battery.
4. Selling or donating items such as old electronics ensures that they are reused, and reduces the need for more items to be manufactured.

Source  [https://www.epa.gov/facts-and-figures-about-materials-waste-and-recycling](https://www.epa.gov/facts-and-figures-about-materials-waste-and-recycling)
		-- u/cameronh0110, 12655 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK Reddit will soon eliminate third party apps by overcharging for their API and that means no escape from ads or content manipulation

Why YSK: that means no escape from ads or content manipulation

https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/31/23743993/reddit-apollo-client-api-cost
		-- u/snoaj, 32145 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK SSDs are not suitable for long-term shelf storage, they should be powered up every year and every bit should be read. Otherwise you may lose your data.

Why YSK: Not many folks appear to know this and I painfully found out: Portable SSDs are marketed as a good backup option, e.g. for photos or important documents. SSDs are also contained in many PCs and some people extract and archive them on the shelf for long-time storage. This is very risky. SSDs need a frequent power supply and all bits should be read once a year. In case you have an SSD on your shelf that was last plugged in, say, 5 years ago, there is a significant chance your data is gone or corrupted.
		-- u/r3dtr, 14763 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK SiriusXM is likely selling your info to those extended car warranty spammers

**Why YSK:** SiriusXM is *likely* selling their customer data to those extended car warranty call lists. Here's how I know this.

Many years ago I purchased a used OEM radio that was originally installed in a 2008 Chrysler Aspen that had SiriusXM compatibility. The radio was compatible with my car though, like many Dodge/Chrysler/Jeep cars of the time, which was *not* a Chrysler Aspen. This was a cash sale, so the person who sold it to me knew nothing about me.

Since my last radio did not have satellite radio, I wanted to give it a try, so I subscribed. When you call or go online and enter the radio ID, it will confirm with you the year, make, and model that they have in their database for that radio ID. It matched what the seller said it came out of. Subscribed, activated, and everything worked fine.

To this day, I continue to get calls about purchasing an extended warranty for my, you guessed it, 2008 Chrysler Aspen.

How could that be? I never actually owned one, nor have I owned anything even remotely close to that. The only person or company that ever knew I had any connection to one was SiriusXM. So that's how I know they sold/shared my data.

**Edit:** I would like to clarify, I am not saying they are the only ones. I get a lot of these calls. Some will specify a make and model of what they think I own, and some do not. It’s very clear that the ones that do sourced their data from SiriusXM, as they are the only ones that could link me to a 2008 Chrysler Aspen in any way.

**Edit 2:** I would also like to point out I have been getting these calls for *years*, even before these abundant spam calls that everybody (including myself) gets. These are real people calling who would answer or leave a voicemail and say something like, "Hi, this is John calling from the vehicle services department regarding your 2008 Chrysler Aspen's warranty."
		-- u/testsubject1137, 13179 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK Stores like Walmart will put items on clearance without reducing price.

Why YSK: Many people don't realize when going into the clearance section of a store like Walmart, they add a yellow sticker that doesn't mention a previous price. This is often to make a person believe the price is reduced but in fact they just want to sell them faster without reducing first.

Edit: This was my most upvoted and awarded post yet. I edit this now that the votes have slowed to a near stop. Thank you so much!
		-- u/_1DumbName_, 12223 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK THe "Face Mask Exemption Card" is fake and you are more than allowed to refuse service to someone using it.

So there are people using something called a ["Face Mask Exemption Card"](https://i.imgur.com/05vz0IY.jpg) that claims they are exempt from wearing a mask under the ADA because of "mental and/or physical risk to me" and that refusal of service would be violating the ADA. These cards are completely fake, aren't enforceable, and (at the time of this post) the website on the card doesn't even exist. Take the card, inspect it carefully, and then throw it in the trash right before you throw the entitled Karen out of your establishment.
		-- u/Darkchyylde, 64888 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK Tea Tree oil is severely toxic to dogs and cats. Even applied topically it can cause muscle weakness, liver problems, and even death.

Why YSK: Tea Tree oil is a phenomenal antiseptic and bug deterrent, but should NOT be used on dogs. 
I learned this the hard way. 

Source: https://www.petpoisonhelpline.com/poison/tea-tree-oil/
		-- u/[deleted], 18566 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK That Police Stations Are Probably The Safest Place To Meet Up With Strangers When Buying/Selling Over The Internet

Why YSK: If you're looking for deals from private parties, or selling something as a private party, the meeting place for the transaction should be somewhere safe.  Police stations are just about the safest place you can meet publicly, and also act as a filter against people with bad intentions.

I'm currently selling a high-priced item as a private party, and told a prospective buyer who wanted to see the item that he should meet me at my local police station.  He refused, and suggested a McDonald's parking lot in a sketchy neighborhood instead.  His refusal to meet at the police station sounded my alarm bells, especially when he couldn't articulate his objections to meeting there.  I called off the deal with him, and instead went with the next prospective buyer who not only had no objections to meeting at the police station, but expressed his appreciation for doing so at such a safe place.

P.S.  Many police stations not only support this activity, but some will also provide a police officer to be present during the transaction upon request.

EDIT: For everyone saying this only works if you're white/caucasian, but it doesn't if  you're a person of color, please stop.  I'm white  have met with people of EVERY skin tone at police stations, at all times of day.  There has never ONCE been an incident for me or anyone I've met with.  I know YMMV, but can we please stop with the generalizations?
		-- u/Battle4Seattle, 14194 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK That Your Modern Automobile is Gathering Data About You  It Can Be Used Against You

Cars made in this century (and a few in the last) have come a long way in terms of technology and capability. Unfortunately, they have also begun tracking you. So-called automobile "Black Boxes" (event data recorders) record and retain speed, braking, steering angle, and [more](https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/49/563.7) if you are in an accident. Most policing agencies and insurance companies have the tools to access this data. In the case of a civil or criminal court action, this data can be used against you. Unfortunately, it doesn't stop there.

A 2016 white paper estimated that the potential value of the data your car collects about you has a value between $450 - $750 billion dollars.  The auto industry is *very* interested in collecting this money. 

If you signed up for the "little stick" that reduces your auto insurance, you've already agreed to give your data to one company. This data is monetized by the insco already but could also be sold to others.

The issue to decide who actually owns the data hasn't been totally decided, but one court's opinion stated,  “[A]utomobiles are justifiably the subject of pervasive regulation by the State [and e]very operator of a motor vehicle must expect the State, in enforcing its regulations, will intrude to some extent upon that operator’s privacy." (New York v. Class, (475 U.S. 106, 113 (1986))

Just be aware and fight to keep this data private. Otherwise, your car will be like your television...you'll have to agree to THEIR terms (being tracked, monitored, and *sold*) to operate/use the item **you** purchased. 

Read more [here](https://www.consumerreports.org/automotive-technology/who-owns-the-data-your-car-collects/)

Check out the [Electronic Frontier Foundation](https://www.eff.org/about/history) to learn more about technology and privacy.

Why YSK: Most people are not aware of this information and this knowledge could have a significant impact on your life now and even more in the future.
		-- u/uDontInterestMe, 21448 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK That answering the 911 operators questions isn't delaying the responders.

 Paramedic here. Too often we see that 911 callers refuse to answer the operator's questions, apparently thinking that they are causing a delay in response. "I don't have time for this, just send an ambulance!" is a too often response. The ambulance is dispatched while the caller is still on the line and all of that information is being relayed while we're responding. In fact, most services will alert crews that a call is coming in in their response area as soon as the call in starts. Every bit of information related to the responding crew is useful, so make sure to stay on the line!
		-- u/LordOfKittehs, 28990 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK That before you sign up for expensive gym memberships check with your health insurance first! They offer deals to reduce the overall cost! Example inside!

Blue cross blue shield offers a wellness program that is $25.00 a month (and a one time $25.00 enrollment) that gives you access to thousands of gyms for that inclusive 25 dollar fee.  No commitments. Be smart about your wellness and I encourage everyone to hit their wellness goals! I believe in you!

Edit: Gold? Bless you sir/madam. Happy 2020 fitness goals to you! AND silver? Making me blush.
		-- u/HockeyPaul, 12779 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK That dull knives are far more dangerous than sharp knives.

“How would a sharp knife be safer than a dull one? Wouldn’t it cut you easily?” You may ask. That is the truth, however you should know that most accidents in the kitchen are a result of a dull knife. 

Why YSK: With a sharp knife you don’t need to work hard to cut. You apply minimal pressure and the knife does the rest. You have full control of the blade, however, if you are using a dull knife, you are forced to apply much more pressure, and the heavier you push, the less control you have meaning when pushing hard when using a dull knife you are much more likely to lose control and stab yourself full force in the hand because you couldn’t stop the knife in time when it slipped. With a sharp knife you require very little force, and as a result have much greater control over what you are doing making cutting with a sharp knife much safer than cutting using a dull one.

u/Amonette2012 Also makes a very good point here in explaining how you're more conscious and careful when handling a sharp knife.

&gt;Also with a sharp knife, you are less likely to think 'this is fine for getting ice cream out of the carton with' and stab yourself in the hand.
		-- u/SweetBunny420, 25357 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK That even if you are a guy you NEED to have a trash can in your toilet

***EDIT: …Guys I’m not a woman. I’m a gay guy. I’m not „being egoistic” by posting this YSK.***

Edit2: Also sorry for the wrong word in the title, I meant the **RESTROOM** english is not my first language.

Why YSK: For any female it is obvious that when they need to change their tampon/pad they will use the toilet for that purpose and throw the used one in the trash.

If you have any female guests anytime it will be a lifechanger for them - imagine you visit your friend and need to change a tampon and then boom you either have to flush it down the toilet and clog their toilet or go to the kitchen trashcan with the bloody piece of material in your hand.

Besides it is VERY useful for used toilet paper rolls and generally it is nice to have trashcans around the house so you store trash in them and empty them once a week/month instead of having to go to the main trashcan everytime you have trash or just throwing trash everywhere because you are too lazy to go to the main trashcan.

edit3 this blew up so much that I’m muting this but hey thanks for karma!
		-- u/[deleted], 14567 upvotes, 0.83 ratio.
%
YSK That if you are a Verizon Wireless customer in the US, a new program launched today called Verizon Custom Experience. It tracks every website you visit and every app you use. The program automatically enrolls all customers, who must specifically opt out if they don't want to be tracked.

Why YSK: If you prefer to keep your browsing habits private, you should consider opting out. There is essentially no benefit to giving away your information to Verizon Wireless. Unlike with other sites, where one can at least argue targeted ads pay for free services, with this Verizon program, you are essentially receiving nothing in return for giving up your privacy.

[This article provides instructions on how to opt out using the Verizon app](https://www.wired.com/story/verizon-user-privacy-settings/)

[Try this link on the website](https://myvpostpay.verizon.com/ui/acct/secure/manageprivacysettings)

[You can also try this link on their website to opt out.](https://myvpostpay.verizon.com/ui/acct/secure/profile/privacypreferences/customexperienceplus)

EDIT:  Added another website link to try.

EDIT 2: Appears to not apply to prepaid customers.

If you are concerned about privacy in general, here is an amazing resource of tools related to privacy: [https://piracy.vercel.app/privacy](https://piracy.vercel.app/privacy)

		-- u/grandlewis, 77401 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK That if you are a person who apologises as a reflex or profusely, turning apologies into thankful statements will result in more positive interactions.

**Why YSK** - because it will make the people who interact with you less uncomfortable accepting many repeated apologies, and make them feel more validated with appreciation, leading to you feeling the need to apologise less as the air of the conversation lightens.

For reference, this is most applicable to interpersonal conversations or perceived slights, but can be applied in a lot of cases. As a preface, I am not saying people should not be taking responsibility for the things they do that upset others, nor that people should not apologise at all for hurting others in malicious ways. This is directed mostly at people who feel an insecurity or compulsion to apologise for arbitrary occurrences very often.

Example - "Thank you for your patience" instead of "sorry this is taking so long". "Thank you for your understanding and your consideration of why I communicated poorly, I will do my best moving forward" as opposed to "I'm sorry that I hurt your feelings, I didn't mean to".

I am a serial apologiser as a result of my mental health, and have struggled a lot with incessant apologies causing (often irreparable) downward spirals in conversational mood and interpersonal tension. It took me a long time to invert the way I express compassion for how other people might experience my company, but since doing so I have noticed marked differences in how people have reacted to what I'm trying to express. People generally find accepting repeated apologies draining, as they feel they have to repeat themselves that it's actually ok, and that you have nothing to worry about. Depending on what you're trying to apologise for, sometimes people can feel like having to accept a long winded and extensive apology over and over can make a situation more focussed on the experience of the person saying sorry. The longer the conversation goes around in circles, the less capacity they have to accept your apology with warmth, resulting in your interpretation of their mood likely causing you to feel they are becoming more incensed, despite your intentions to apologise and show your understanding of your misstep (perceived or genuine). 

You can express the same sentiment for your understanding of someone else's feelings, and still scratch the itch to NEED to apologise, by simply inverting your language to seem appreciative as opposed to apologetic. "I'm sorry" is referring to your emotional state of guilt. "Thank you" is expressing your understanding that you may have affected someone negatively with your communication or behaviour, but that you are centring their experience and making them feel validated that you understand how it has affected them.

Try it. You will notice that people are much happier to accept thanks for things you may have misinterpreted and don't actually need to be apologised for - I often hear "what, you don't have to thank me, that's so fine, don't stress!" as opposed to "please stop apologising, you have literally done nothing wrong". There isn't really anywhere to go from an acceptance of an apology, whereas a thank you precipitates a healthy open conversation about the incident that can help it happen less in future, and removes potential for a further reflexive apology if someone is sick of hearing you apologise. 

You will also notice you are unconsciously positively reinforcing yourself, as opposed to repeating phrases that unconsciously frame you within yourself as purely guilty. Gratitude is a positive framing and begets a higher level of self confidence and esteem in your own behaviour and communication, and can help you begin to unlearn apology compulsions. 

Again, this is mainly aimed at people who are socially anxious/insecure, and find that apologising for lots of things while trying to be considerate of others isn't having the effect they feel it should in interpersonal interactions. Try saying thank you instead, you and your conversational partner will be happier and get along better and in a more coherent way as a result. 

If you do malicious things to people you should still definitely apologise for them, and then thank the person you've hurt for accepting your apology in good faith. 

Good luck!

edit for rule 2 coherence and removing repetitive syntax.

edit 2 removed superlative word before "in a lot of a cases"

okay one more edit and then i'm off to do my day;
 
**It's a shame I have to state this so plainly but obviously I do not go to funerals and say thank you for your loss. I do not thank people if I get into car accidents with them or if I accidentally drove over their dog or whatever genuine scenario a human being would apologise to a stranger for. There are many uses for the word sorry in the English language and I am specifically referring to it's overuse in innocuous situations by people who struggle to control the impulse.**

Thanks to all the heartfelt commenters for their insights and own interpretations of the idea, I've gained some new perspectives as a result as well and I really appreciate the conversation. Cheers
		-- u/louiedizzle, 14228 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK That if you opt for TurboTax to deduct their fees from your refund, there's an additional $40 fee

At the very end of the process, after you're sick of looking at numbers and you think you're just closing out details (and you don't need to read the prompts very carefully), TurboTax asks if you want to just deduct their fees from your refund. Sounds like a no-brainer right? One less thing... Except they very casually say they'll deduct their fee of $40 from your return. Never mind that that's NOT the fee to file your returns - it's a new fee on top of filing fees for the convenience of this option. It's taking advantage of people not reading closely. ALWAYS pay by credit card, not by deducting fees from your return.

Edit: Thank you for the gold and silver kind strangers!
		-- u/dataslinger, 16854 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK That it doesn't matter if you are skinny, fat, fit, or none of the above; DO NOT be intimidated by others in the gym. If you are in the gym working out, NOBODY ELSE GIVES A FUCK about what you're doing but YOU.

 If you are reluctant about starting, continuing, or ending your personal fitness journey because you are self-conscious about your size, form, or anything else that can riddle you with anxiety then know this; NOBODY else in the gym besides you cares about what YOU are doing. It doesn't matter if you're in there trying to lose weight, put on size, or just maintain a somewhat healthy lifestyle. Everyone in the gym is working towards a common goal; bettering themself.

There isn't a single person in the entire gym that knows EVERYTHING. There are so many different styles and techniques that it's nearly impossible. Don't expect someone to approach and help critique you because there is a fear of coming off as a know it all or a prick even though that's never the intention. But I guarantee if you ask someone who looks like they know what they are doing they would be MORE than happy to help. All you have to do is ask. Some of the nicest people I've met are the strongest guys/gals in the gym at any given time. 

I say this because I witnessed it happen at the gym today. Someone with not a lot of experience was in a workout room that eventually filled with 3/4 "bigger" guys. While it was just him and I in there he was just doing his thing. After they got there, he did maybe two more sets before putting his weight away and hastily grabbing his jacket to leave the gym. To anyone that knows how to read people, anxiety was written all over his face. I could be wrong, but I do believe it's why he left. 

Don't let other people intimidate you into not working towards your goals. Everyone starts somewhere, and nobody knows it all. Keep on trying your best, and don't be afraid to ask for help if you need it.
		-- u/[deleted], 65795 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK That just because your employer pays you as a salaried employee, that doesn't mean you aren't entitled to overtime

Why YSK: The Department of Labor has very specific guidelines as to what employees are employees are classified as **exempt** and not required to be paid overtime. These are based on job duties, responsibility and skills. This is NOT based on if you are paid hourly or a salary. 

If for example, you are any sort of manual laborer, then you are most likely supposed to be paid overtime, regardless if your boss pays you a salary or hourly. [Here is what the DOL](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/fact-sheets/17a-overtime) defines as exempt for overtime and it's very specific.

ETA: This is for the US. Other countries have different rules obviously
		-- u/Un_creative_name, 12861 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK That many people with a disability consider their aides (wheelchair, etc.) an extension of themselves. You should ask before touching or moving them.

Read this article and was surprised to hear how many people struggle with this. Even if you are trying to help, you should ask first.

www.bbc.com/news/disability-49584591
		-- u/LtSoundwave, 42074 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK That surgical masks aren’t designed or rated to keep bacteria or airborne pathogens out, N95 Masks are.

Surgical masks are designed and made to protect patients from surgeons breathing or coughing into a surgical site while operating. N95 masks are what medical professionals use when around a patient who is contagious. They can filter out 95% of airborne particles. 

We used these also in the field as a Paramedic 

Note: N95 masks only work if the you have no facial hair and require a skin tight seal

[CDC Source](https://www.cdc.gov/niosh/npptl/topics/respirators/disp_part/n95list1.html)

[Source](https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/personal-protective-equipment-infection-control/masks-and-n95-respirators)
		-- u/MufasaMedic, 12292 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK That the hotel receptionists allocate your room

Why YSK: I'm a receptionist in a 4* star hotel and I just thought to let you know that it's us that allocate the rooms for your stays. Some rooms are preallocated by Reservations (which I also do) but we can still change them. If you're rude to me OF COURSE you're going at the back of the hotel on the lowest floor possible, if you're nice to me you'll be on a high floor with the best view, if you're extra nice? I might give you a cheeky room upgrade, highest floor AND a view! :) kind of like waiters and spitting on food 😂

Be nice :)

EDIT 1: Thanks for the love guys! ❤️

Also, it baffles me how many people can't even grasp the concept of human decency. Treat people the way you want to be treated they say, and who knows you might get something more than what you paid for. 🤷

EDIT 2: I see many people commenting about the "kind of like waiters and spitting on food" line. I just want to say that I was only quoting a stereotype, I don't personally know anyone who's done it or have I done it myself. Just a little disclaimer 😊
		-- u/TurbulentParsnip-, 22092 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK That there is a Youtuber called "Dad, how do I?" that explains everyday things that might need a father-figure to help you with. His Dad walked out on him when he was 12, he makes maintenance vides for people with no Dad.

It's just basic stuff but I know friends of mine that have watched his videos in the last couple of weeks and it has made a real positive difference to their life. He does videos from how to tie a tie to even how to check your car's oil. Very helpful stuff that everyone who doesn't have a dad or just wants some DIY tips should know.
		-- u/AlphaSyncz, 120321 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK That you can download a copy of all the data Google has collected from your account by going to takeout.google.com.

Google has 51 products listed on [takeout.google.com](https://takeout.google.com) which means there is usually a lot of data available. I’m my case Google is keeping 38.5 GB of data generated from my account. Most of this is from Google Photos as well as Google Drive and I am fully aware of what I share with them, however some people are not. This is a good way of checking exactly what has been stored in the past and what will continue to be stored in the future. You can edit or delete what Google stores and monitors from your account at [myactivity.google.com](https://myactivity.google.com)

Edit: It’s not technically _all_  your data as the possibility remains that Google is keeping much more than they tell us about.
		-- u/Charn22, 12961 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK The FDA has lifted it's lifetime ban on gay men donating blood as of 2016!

http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/21/health/fda-gay-men-blood-donation-changes/

They require waiting a year after a sexual partner before donation. And local blood banks in my area are working on changing their questions to no longer exclude these completely viable donors. American red cross already has changed this.

Donate as often as you can, not just in the wake of disasters. Disasters are always happening, you may not hear about them and something that takes 5 minutes to do could potentially give someone another 10 years of life.

*Edit for clarity.

E2- some resources to educate some on the blood donation and screening process.

http://redcrossblood.org/donating-blood

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blood_donation

http://www.bloodassurance.org/frequently-asked-questions/
		-- u/Pete_the_rawdog, 11601 upvotes, 0.83 ratio.
%
YSK The Takata airbag recall is the biggest worldwide product recall in history and you should check if your vehicle is involved now

Why YSK Hello my friends faulty Takata airbags have the potential to rupture on deployment during an accident.This can lead to metal fragments exploding into the face of vehicle occupants.

29 people have been killed and 320 injured worldwide.

In Australia alone there is still 180000 vehicles still outstanding with faulty Takata airbags.

Here is a link for checking outstanding vehicles in [Australia](https://ismyairbagsafe.com.au/).

I also found this site for the [USA](https://www.nhtsa.gov/equipment/takata-recall-spotlight)

It is also possible to go to your vehicle manufacturers website in your country and check if your vehicle is affected.

I maintain the best way is to call your local dealer.Quote your VIN(which can be found on your registration papers)they will check if you vehicle is involved and also if it has any other outstanding recalls.
If your vehicle is affected they will do the booking straightaway and the whole process should be relatively pain free.

Please people check your vehicle's.

If any friendly neighbour hood Redditors could link similar websites for your country's like the ones I've linked above that would be outstanding and you will have done a good deed for the day cheers my friend's.

Edit-Thanks to some friendly neighbourhood Redditors I've got some more country's VIN checker links

[New Zealand Jacinda rocks](https://www.vehiclerecallsafety.nzta.govt.nz/takata/takataalpha.html)

[EU](https://www.google.com/amp/s/car-recalls.eu/vin-check-recalls/%3famp)

[UK](https://www.check-mot.service.gov.uk/) not sure about this link but let me if it works

[Canada](https://tc.canada.ca/en/road-transportation/defects-recalls-vehicles-tires-child-car-seats/takata-recalls-canada)
		-- u/assclownmonthly, 14351 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK There are many myths that exist about suicide that are not true

[Does asking about suicide induce suicidal thoughts?](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24998511/)

As someone in the mental health field, I think it’s important to share the many myths about suicide.

1) **Asking someone if they are thinking about suicide plants the idea in their head.** False [see: Dazzi, T., Grobble, R., Wessely, S., amp; Fear, N. (2014). Does asking about suicide and related behaviors induce suicidal ideation? What is the evidence? *psychological medicine*] Instead it might help save their lives by reducing the stigma and allowing them to open up a conversation about their thoughts (also, don’t be afraid to use the word “suicide” or “killing yourself”)

2) **People who are suicidal *want to die*.** In most cases, suicidal people don’t *want* to die, they want the PAIN to stop. There is a difference. They don’t see any way to make it stop unless they are dead. Depression is treatable and there are ways to help reduce the pain and find reasons for living.

3) **People who are suicidal are weak.** False. Depression is a serious, but treatable illness that has nothing to do with moral strength or weakness.

4) **People who commit suicide are selfish.** False. Most people who suicide truly believe that their loved ones would be better off without them. Many believe that they put a burden on family and friends and that they would be much happier without them. I’ve had patients share these thoughts with their loved ones and they were utterly surprised to see their loved ones vehemently disagree with their thoughts.

5) **People who are suicidal are just trying to get attention.** I’ll end on this one, because I really want you to remember this. OF COURSE THEY WANT ATTENTION. And?? They *are* crying for help, they *do* want attention because they are screaming for help. If someone’s house is on fire, don’t they cry for help and try to get someone’s attention? Why do we shame people for suicidal behaviors or sharing their thoughts? There are so many more I’d love to share, but I’ll just start here for now. Check on your loved ones.

Edit: I changed the format for those of you who asked. Sorry, I’m new to Reddit
		-- u/jenlycole, 21855 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK There is a baking hotline you can call if your recipe is going awry

King Arthur Flour has a hotline you can call for baking advice. You call and a real person answers immediately (no touch tone menu). They are very friendly and helpful! 

I messed up my sourdough, called, and a very friendly woman helped me turn it into focaccia in real time.

855-371-BAKE
855-371-2253

Why YSK: It's coming up on the holidays, and this is a dinner-saver in a pinch!

Edit: US Only. And please don't prank them. They are so sweet and wholesome. Go buy their flour.
		-- u/worldsbiggestchili, 28522 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK There is a website called haveibeenpwned.com that tells you if your email address has been involved in data breaches.

https://haveibeenpwned.com/ allows you to check if your email address has been involved in a data breach. It can tell you if your password has been exposed as well as many other personal details such as your name, IP address, age, gender and even financial details. Scammers can then use this information to their advantage.

This website was a huge eye-opener for me and it saved me from trouble following a recent data breach. Make sure your information is safe!
		-- u/Poisonkitten, 30746 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK To keep Holly away from small children

why YSK: Holly berries are very toxic and just a few can kill a small child. Small children especially are also usually exploratory with what they put in their mouths.

Holly looks like [this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/96/Ilex-aquifolium_%28Europaeische_Stechpalme-1%29.jpg/1200px-Ilex-aquifolium_%28Europaeische_Stechpalme-1%29.jpg)

Edit: Wow... this blew up quite a bit. As a lot of people have pointed out watch for Poinsettias as well.
		-- u/KomaForceFive, 12947 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK To only put one name on a cheque that is intended for a wedding gift

Why YSK: It makes it a lot more difficult for the newlyweds to deposit a cheque with two names on it - especially if you have addressed them as having the same last name. Not everybody assumes their partner’s last name, and even if intend to, their last name won’t be legally changed for a while.
		-- u/brainpain152, 10667 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK TurboTax is legally required to offer a free option for people making less than $66k/yr

However....they go far out of their way to make sure you can't find it.
Here's a good link that details both the deceptive practices as well as where to find the tool, if you qualify.

Edit: forgot the link. lol. https://www.propublica.org/article/turbotax-just-tricked-you-into-paying-to-file-your-taxes
		-- u/kryptos68, 15990 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK TurboTaxsucksass.com is the place to go to easily and freely file your taxes

Just googling free file can lead you to paid tax filing options, but TurboTaxsucksass.com provides the proper links to free filing for a majority of people.

Credit Hasan Minhaj and Patriot Act

https://youtu.be/7xQQkzWhMOc
		-- u/hulklyjoe, 32219 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Uber Eats no longer refunds cash for missing food. They only give “Uber cash” credits to your account.

**WHY YSK:** Normally restaurants will correct their mistake by giving you the right food, taking something off the bill, or refunding a portion of your money. Real cash is of course far more useful and less restrictive. 

But Uber eats now only gives small Uber cash credits that can only be used on their platform. They say they can no longer refund actual cash. Be careful when ordering for groups, as you have little recourse for restaurant mistakes now.
		-- u/think_up, 15013 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK VHS video cassettes degrade over time. Under average conditions, the tapes have a life expectancy of about 30 years. Those tapes laying around from the 90's with precious family memories are already significantly degraded. You should look to digitize all of your families VHS tapes now.

Why YSK: Many people have old VHS tapes laying around, not realizing that they will soon be degraded  beyond usefulness.  These could be the only video of loved ones, etc.  If you want to keep these memories, you must convert these to digital ASAP.
		-- u/grandlewis, 46848 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Wells Fargo Bank has discovered over 3 million accounts that were opened without the customer's permission. If you ever were a customer and you think an account may have been opened secretly under your name, you can call this hotline to find out and possibly receive a refund: 1-877-924-8697

The scandal with Wells Fargo continues to grow, with [more fake accounts being discovered, including credit cards and bill pay services.](http://money.cnn.com/2017/08/31/investing/wells-fargo-fake-accounts/index.html) (In addition, they're accused of ripping off auto insurance customers and small business owners.)

When I worked there in 2008, I was trained to convince every customer that they should open more accounts. The managers even pressured me into bringing friends and family members in to open accounts. It's clear in retrospect that the "rock star" bankers were getting their big numbers in questionable ways. I'm sorry I played along. Now I just want to make sure that everyone who was affected by this terrible sales culture receives justice.
		-- u/lux514, 10667 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK When anxiety causing thoughts arise, start mentally describing objects or actions you see in your vicinity, as if you were narrating a story. This will distract your brain from spiraling down that dreaded black hole.

LPT mods removed my advice, because I broke the rules and posted advice about mental heatlh. Reposting here, because I really want to share this useful tip with others.

The idea is to make the voice in your head act as a narrator to things that are happening around you. This turns your focus outwards rather than inwards. Lots of anxiety arises from too much focus on oneself.

Edit: There's a recently coined word that kind of relates to this that I would like to add onto this thread. It goes hand in hand with this advice. It's called "sonder": 
&gt;n. the realization that each random passerby is living a life as vivid and complex as your own—populated with their own ambitions, friends, routines, worries and inherited craziness—an epic story that continues invisibly around you like an anthill sprawling deep underground, with elaborate passageways to thousands of other lives that you’ll never know existed, in which you might appear only once, as an extra sipping coffee in the background, as a blur of traffic passing on the highway, as a lighted window at dusk.

Edit: I'm not saying sondering is another word for this technique of narrating. It's a separate thing I like to do when feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders, or when I feel like the world is out to get me. That can be just as debilitating.

		-- u/hcbaron, 30631 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK When going to buy something from a salesperson, don’t tell them your actual job title.

I’ve worked in the car industry (no longer thank god) But my parents have for years.

But personal experience? My husband went to Men’s Wearhouse to buy a suit. The first thing the salesman asked is what his job title was. His job isn’t glamorous. It pays well enough, but not enough for us to spend frivolously or to spend whenever we want. We budget stringently because I currently stay at home with our daughter (I start a job next Monday though!! ...anyway). My husband told the salesman he’s a field engineer. This guys eyes lit up and took us right over to the $1000 suits. Given, a nice suit would cost that much AT LEAST. But he just needed a quick suit. The guy thought he had a sale in the bag. He wouldn’t show us anything cheaper even after we asked. We went to Kohl’s across the street and bought the best fitting suit for $100.

Car salesman also do this. If you have any “fancy” sounding job name, tell them you work for Walmart. Seriously. They’ll do they’re best to make the sale and keep it in your budget. The minute they hear “engineer”, “IT”, “medical field”, or anything if that nature, they’ll try to upsell you the most they can.
		-- u/thehippos8me, 21926 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK When they ask for objections at a wedding, it’s to make sure they don’t have secret marriages or the couple aren’t related. It’s not a ‘last call’ for heartsick exes.

If you’re waiting for the objection scene, you already missed the boat, and you’re about to ruin someone’s wedding.

Edit: it’s obviously not at every wedding. It’s definitely on the books in the Church of England and Roman Catholicism, though some parishes allow it to be omitted. I’ve personally been to 3 weddings where it was said, though the misconception stands even if it isn’t actually said.
		-- u/whole_nother, 37033 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK When you get pulled over and the officer asks you “do you know why I pulled you over?” Always say NO

If you tell them you know why they pulled you over, that is an admission of guilt. (If you ever want to fight the ticket in court)

Edit: yes obviously don’t just say “NO.” Be polite and say “no I’m sorry I do not know why you pulled me over today.”
		-- u/darthbaldo22, 26184 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK When you have self-defeating thoughts, feelings or habits, it helps to ask what’s the story behind them - and revise it. Psychologists call this story editing and it’s an actually engaging, evidence-based way to improve mental health.

Note: From the discussion below, I realise it may be more appropriate to say **reframe** rather than **revise** the story.

**Why YSK:** There’s significant evidence that story editing can improve mood, reduce depressive symptoms, help you find clarity and achieve closure on upsetting experiences. Having studied the research on mental health and tried many approaches myself, I always come back to story editing. It’s accessible, works for problems big and small, gets your mind unstuck, you name it.

TECHNIQUES: You can do a sort of brain dump, where you write without stopping or censoring yourself for 15 min (a form of the[ expressive writing](https://www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter_article/expressive-writing-for-mental-health) pioneered by James Pennebaker). Another effective way is to write about an upsetting event from a third-person’s perspective ( a form of[ self-distancing](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/articles/201901/the-art-self-distancing)).

If you think about it, it makes sense - we are storytelling creatures, after all. Sometimes the stories we tell get us into trouble and the way out is to learn to take control and not get frozen in bad stories.

EDIT: Wow, this sort of exploded. I did not expect such a wide-ranging conversation. Thank you everyone for having such a deep, exhilarating and wide-ranging discussion with me. That's what I love most about Reddit!

For anyone who wants a deeper dive into the theory, practice and studies on self-distancing, [here's a great write-up](http://selfcontrol.psych.lsa.umich.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/1-s2.0-S0065260116300338-main-2.pdf).
And if you just want some practical tips to get started, [this place](https://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/gaining_perspective_on_negative_events) a good one.
		-- u/Ellie_D, 38193 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK Yelp filters non-recommended reviews  has been accused of hiding good reviews for companies that refuse to pay them for advertising.

 **Why YSK:**  Scroll down to the bottom of each business page and click on “reviews that are not recommended.”
		-- u/CaptTechno, 33765 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK Yielding the right-of-way at a four-way stop isn't "nice"; you're disrupting the flow of traffic.

Why YSK: Your intentions are probably kindly but the quickest, most efficient, and above all SAFEST way to process traffic through a multi-way stop sign is for people to take their right of way, in the order that they arrive at the stop. Waving people through to be friendly or because you aren't sure if it's your turn throws a giant wad of uncertainty into a rigidly mechanical and very safe system of prioritizing traffic. Pay attention and know whether it's your turn, and be friendly on social media or at the park.

Bonus tip: if you arrive simultaneously with someone who is crossing the intersection against your path, you can remember who has the right-of-way with this mnemonic: the person on the RIGHT has the right of way.
		-- u/coloradoconvict, 45506 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK You Can Make it Illegal For Telemarketers to Call You

The countries all have different rules, however, they are mostly similar

* You can only register a home or mobile phone
* Once you do so, telemarketers have 30 (or so) days before it is completely illegal for them to call you, punishable by fine
* Some charities, political organisations, research companies and educational institutions are except from this (depending on the country)
* This does extend to overseas businesses

Here are some countries that have one, if you find more, I will add them.

* [Do Not Call Register (Australia)](https://www.donotcall.gov.au/)
* [National Do Not Call List (Canada)](https://lnnte-dncl.gc.ca/en)
* [National Customer Preference Register (India)](http://www.nccptrai.gov.in/nccpregistry/) or [NDNC](http://ndnc.net/)
* [New Zealand Name Removal Service](https://www.marketing.org.nz/Services/Do_Not_Call)
* [Telephone Preference Service (United Kingdom)](https://www.tpsonline.org.uk/tps/number_type.html)
* [National Do Not Call Registry (United States)](https://www.donotcall.gov/) **(See edit No. 1 and read the comments, apparently it doesn't work)**
* [Do Not Call Registry (Singapore)](https://www.dnc.gov.sg/index.html)
* [The DMA National OPT OUT Database (South Africa)](https://www.nationaloptout.org/)
* [The Robinson List (Denmark)](https://www.borger.dk), found the [exact page!](https://www.borger.dk/Handlingsside?selfserviceId=721aa293-dae3-4199-829a-16367a318672referringPageId=18590414-2f02-4e33-8b94-7813c88ee88dtype=DK), thank you u/Nosyeye!
* [Registro Nacional No Llame (Argentina)](http://www.nollame.gob.ar/)
* [Finland](https://www.maistraatti.fi/fi/Palvelut/tietopalvelut/Tietojenluovutuskiellot/)
* [Nix Telefon (Sweden)](https://www.nixtelefon.org/)
* [Bloctel (France)](http://www.bloctel.gouv.fr/)
* [Bel Me Niet Register (Netherlands)](https://www.bel-me-niet.nl/)
* [Não Me Perturbe (Brazil)](https://www.naomeperturbe.com.br)
* [Registro delle Opposizioni (Italy)](http://www.registrodelleopposizioni.it/)
* [Registro Público para Evitar Publicidad (Mexico)](https://www.gob.mx/profeco/documentos/librate-de-las-llamadas-y-mensajes-molestos-de-publicidad?state=published)
* [Robinsonliste (Austria)](https://www.wko.at/branchen/information-consulting/werbung-marktkommunikation/robinsonliste.html)
* [Ne Zovi (Croatia)](https://rnz.hakom.hr/)

Your number is essentially added to a list that telemarketers are legally required to check against when they make calls, meaning, after adding your number, you shouldn't receive any more telemarketing calls. If they still call, you can report them to the relevant authority.

This may be a repost, but I feel that it's pretty important.

**EDIT:** Looking at a lot of comments, the US site apparently doesn't work that well and telemarketers still call, I am an Australian citizen, and our service has worked for me, perfectly. According to [this user](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/dgf4kx/ysk_you_can_make_it_illegal_for_telemarketers_to/f3bb2zz?utm_source=shareutm_medium=web2x) the US service may even increase the number of calls received, so maybe try it out for a bit, to see if it works for you. I have also edited the list, and added some more countries.

**EDIT 2: Attack of the Clones** Some people in America are suggesting using [nomorobo](https://www.nomorobo.com/). And also to contact your local US House representative to have them support the passing of the [TRACED Act](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/116/s151)  according to the [top comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/dgf4kx/ysk_you_can_make_it_illegal_for_telemarketers_to/f3bbvi3?utm_source=shareutm_medium=web2x)
		-- u/[deleted], 10699 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK You are legally entitled to compensation from flights canceled  delayed

**Why YSK:  Thousands of flights are currently canceled  delayed, but you are legally entitled to:** 

• Refunds 

• Alternate transportation 

• Compensation for additional expenses 

• Reimbursement for flight-related expenses 

In the U.S., the Department of Transportation (DOT) requires airlines to compensate passengers for certain delays and cancellations.   The DOT's rules do not specify an amount, but they require airlines to provide meals, accommodations, and transportation to and from the airport. 

Under European Union (EU) regulations, if your flight is canceled or significantly delayed, you may be entitled to compensation from the airline if the delay or cancellation was within the airline's control. 

**Use this script:**

 "*Hi, my name is \[Your Name\] and I'm reaching out to request compensation for my flight from \[Origin\] to \[Destination\] on \[Date\] which was \[delayed/canceled\].  I understand that flights can sometimes be delayed or canceled due to unforeseen circumstances, but  I believe I am entitled to compensation for the inconvenience caused by this \[delay/cancellation\].* 

 *I have attached copies of my ticket and any relevant receipts or documentation, including expenses for meals, accommodations, and transportation, which were incurred as a result of the \[delay/cancellation\].*  

*I would appreciate it if you could please review my case and provide me with a response as soon as possible.*  

*Thank you for your attention to this matter*."   
 

 If your flight has been canceled, the first thing you should do is contact the airline to determine your options.  Most airlines will offer to either reschedule your flight for a later date or provide a full refund for the ticket. 

 If your flight has been delayed, the first thing you should do is contact the airline.  In some cases, the airline may offer compensation or assistance, such as meals or hotel accommodations, depending on the length of the delay and the circumstances. 

 If you experienced a significant delay or other inconvenience, you may be able to receive additional compensation to cover any additional expenses you incurred as a result. 

 If you are unable to find a satisfactory resolution through these channels, you may need to consider seeking legal advice or filing a complaint with a government agency, such as the Department of Transportation in the United States.
		-- u/TonyLiberty, 11819 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK You are probably eating WAY too much per meal.

I used to think I just "ate big" which was the case, but not really. If you have the strength to portion out your meals (try meal prep containers) and keep up with it you will be absolutely amazed by how much you're able to eat. Portion sizes (American especially) are crazy big and we get used to eating them after a while and our stomachs stretch. You will lose weight and become much healthier in the process. I still find myself making plates much too big because I'm not used to eating correctly yet.
		-- u/ismellnumbers, 15561 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK You aren’t supposed to use apostrophes to pluralize years.

It’s 1900s, not 1900’s.  You only use an apostrophe when you’re omitting the first two digits: ‘90s, not 90’s or ‘90’s.

Why YSK: It’s an incredibly common error and can detract from academic writing as it is factually incorrect punctuation.

**EDIT:** Since trolls and contrarians have decided to bombard this thread with mental gymnastics about things they have no understanding of, I will be disabling notifications and discontinuing responses.  Y’all can thank the uneducated trolls for that.
		-- u/kgxv, 15605 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK You can download the audio book and text version of George Orwell's 1984 for free from the Internet Archive

YSK With the news that the iconic dystopian book, 1984, reaching the NY Times bestseller list again, you can get it for free [here](https://archive.org/details/NINETEENEIGHTY-FOUR1984ByGeorgeOrwellPDFAudioBook).
		-- u/cjhest1983, 11191 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK You should never be afraid to call 911 if you or someone you know has an overdose. 40 US states and DC have laws preventing arrest of those involved in an overdose.

Research suggests many people involved in an OD refuse to call for help worrying about police involvement, yet 40 States and DC have some sort of law protecting both the person who overdose and the caller from charges in a variety of ways.

Check the laws for your specific state, but if you or someone you know ODs, always call 911 regardless of these laws.

Map of states with these laws:

https://www.ncsl.org/portals/1/ImageLibrary/WebImages/Criminal%20Justice/Overdose_Immunity_911.gif

Sources:

https://www.ncsl.org/research/civil-and-criminal-justice/drug-overdose-immunity-good-samaritan-laws.aspx

https://www.drugpolicy.org/issues/good-samaritan-fatal-overdose-prevention-laws
		-- u/Somebodyunimportant7, 21784 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK Your dishwasher has a second compartment that contains “Rinse Aid” that needs to be filled ~once a month. It’s a surfactant that allows for better drying and prevents water spots from forming

Why YSK: most people I’ve talked to have no clue about this, especially young people. Most of these people also complain about water spots on their dishes… 

Rinse Aid (or Jet Dry) is a surfactant. That means it causes water to “sheet” off the dishes instead of forming droplets that cling and leave spots. Remember that newer dishwashers are uber-efficient at water usage and thus rely on this to have an effective drying cycle. 

[Here](https://producthelp.kitchenaid.com/Dishwashers/Dishwashers/Dispenser_Concerns/Rinse_Aid_Questions/How_to_fill_and_adjust_rinse_aid_dispenser_-_Dishwasher) are KitchenAid instructions for various ways to refill the rinse aid of your washer. Basically you just open the plug and fill until the meter says “full”. There is a dial as well that controls how much rinse aid is used each cycle. Typically 2 is the recommended setting, unless you still have water spots then you can turn it up to 3 or 4.

Edit; yeah as comments have mentioned this depends. I see how my OP can seem like it’s a necessity but it does depend on the type of water you have. Hard water most likely will require some sort of Rinse Aid, whether packaged with your detergent or separate in the other compartment.
		-- u/1saltymf, 10718 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK Your early attachment style can significantly affect how you cope with stress and regulate your emotions as an adult

**Why YSK:** Because it can help shed light on some possible reasons why you feel, think or behave in a particular way. An explanation like this can be quite powerful in that it can make you aware of the circumstances that shape who you become, especially if you’re the kind of person who thinks their character is all their fault. It’s also valuable for parents to know how their interactions with their kids can become neurally embedded and affect the children’s later life.

None of this is about assigning blame to parents or rejecting personal responsibility. It’s also not something I read in a self-help book or some such. Attachment theory has been backed by a lot of research in psychology and has inspired some of the most forward-thinking studies in neuroscience, too. Below I’ll sum up some findings from two decades of research by psychologist Mario Miculincer - and [here’s a link](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Mario-Mikulincer/publication/285623488_The_Attachment_Behavioral_System_In_Adulthood_Activation_Psychodynamics_And_Interpersonal_Processes/links/573d709808ae298602e5a533/The-Attachment-Behavioral-System-In-Adulthood-Activation-Psychodynamics-And-Interpersonal-Processes.pdf) with an in-depth (100 pages) report on his research.

OK, here we go:

Firstly, according to attachment theory, children of sensitive parents develop secure attachment. They learn to be okay with negative feelings, ask others for help, and trust their own ability to deal with stress.

By contrast, children of unresponsive caregivers can become insecurely attached. They get **anxious** and upset by the smallest sign of separation from their attachment figure. Harsh or dismissive parenting can lead to **avoidant** infants who suppress their emotions and deal with stress alone.

Finally, children with abusive caregivers become **disorganized**: they switch between avoidant and anxious coping, engage in odd behaviours and often self-harm.

Interactions with early attachment figures become neurally encoded and can be subconsciously activated later in life, especially in stressful and intimate situations.  For example, as adults, anxious people often develop low self-esteem and are easily overwhelmed by negative emotions. They also tend to exaggerate threats and doubt their ability to deal with them. Such people often exhibit a desperate need for safety and seek to “merge” with their partners. They can also become suspicious, jealous or angry without objective cause.

Avoidant people want distance and control. They detach from strong emotions (both positive and negative), and avoid conflicts and intimacy. Their self-reliance means that they see themselves as strong and independent, but this can mean that their close relationships remain superficial, distant and unsatisfying. And while being emotionally numb can help avoidant people during ordinary challenges, in the midst of a crisis, their defences can crumble and leave them extremely vulnerable.
		-- u/Ellie_D, 18346 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK a greeting, smile, or little wave can mean a lot to a child.

A child that says hello to you is learning social skills. A smile or wave can mean a lot to someone learning to interact with the world.  I sometimes see my daughter muster the courage to say hello to a stranger and feel sad when she looks at me confused after she's ignored.  A small acknowledgment is a quick and easy way to put some positive energy into the world.
		-- u/HerrelZaneth, 34026 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK a high percentage of Amazon's sale prices are fake markdowns

Why YSK: Like most retailers, Amazon relies on your perceived savings to trick you into thinking you're getting a deal. A tool called CamelCamelCamel allows you to see an independent price history of that item. In most cases, the "was" price never happened, or was so brief it barely happened.

Points that have already been redundantly made:

1. Yes I know this is common. I put it in the original post. I'm talking about Amazon.  
a. For each time you tell me all retailers do this, a lightning bolt strikes a kitten.
2. Yes we don't like Amazon. Companies with lots of money are bad.  
a. Yes Amazon is actually bad. Every major retailer is in some way.
3. I've been made aware of Keepa and will try it out!  
a. other countries have some apps.
4. In some countries, this is illegal.
		-- u/[deleted], 33514 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK a level of hydration just 1% below "optimal" can affect mood, make it more difficult to concentrate, and produce headache... So if you're feeling meh or are taking care of mental health, DRINK WATER

Basically, if you're not drinking water on the reg, that's probably why you feel like shit. Drink water and feel less shitty :)

https://www.aifc.com.au/how-important-is-water-hydration-to-mental-health/
		-- u/Writ_inwater, 16613 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK about Darebee.com, which features 300+ no equipment workouts and is perfect for safe workouts at home vs in a busy indoor gym

Why YSK: because many gyms are still closed and when winter soon arrives in the northern hemisphere outdoor workouts will be less enjoyable/possible.

I came across this site in March and have been getting surprisingly great workouts in without a gym from the site. Really simple visuals to support each exercise/movement. Figured I'd share the love.

Lots of warmup and stretches too, or workouts focusing on specific areas of the body. Enjoy

https://darebee.com
		-- u/BearBong, 16279 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK about Harvard CS50, Harvard's introductory course to computer science, available as open courseware. If you're in isolation and have some free time, this is a great time to learn to code, be it as a hobby or if you're looking into it as a career.

This course takes you through several weeks of classes led by a fantastic instructor. The course is split into roughly one-hour classes.

https://cs50.harvard.edu/x/2020/

Edit: this course does not grant any sort of degree, certification, or credits.
		-- u/[deleted], 19776 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK about Terms of Service; Didn't Read

Why YSK: [Terms of Service; Didn't Read](https://tosdr.org/index.html) (ToS;DR) is an [open-source](https://github.com/tosdr/browser-extensions) internet browser add-on that goes through the Terms of Service (ToS) of a website whenever you enter one. Each website (provided it's been reviewed) is marked with a rating from A to E (A being the highest and E being the grade I got in mathematics), depending on how safe or sketchy the Terms of Service are. It highlights the notable parts of the ToS and gives each point either a thumbs up or a thumbs down, again, depending on how safe or sketchy that part is. ToS;DR is a very useful add-on if you wish to know how reliable a site is without having to go through the Terms of Service. TOS;DR is available for [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/terms-of-service-didn%E2%80%99t-r/hjdoplcnndgiblooccencgcggcoihigg), [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/terms-of-service-didnt-read/), [Microsoft Edge](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/terms-of-service-didn%E2%80%99t-/oaaecoiolcpocebdnakfpfjegbmmpkjn), [Opera](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/terms-of-service-didnt-read/) and [Safari](https://safariextension.tosdr.org/) (only available with older versions!).

You can also contact the developer on Reddit! [u/JustinBackDeveloper](https://www.reddit.com/u/JustinBackDeveloper)
		-- u/PenPinapplPen, 14102 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK about Ticketmaster’s “dynamic pricing”

WHY YSK

Ticketmaster has been doing this for a few years now, but with musicians finally getting back to work, and many struggling to do so, it’s super scummy that Ticketmaster can exponentially increase cost of tickets based upon demand. Neither the bands nor the venues see any of that money. If there’s another way to get the tickets, give it a shot. After all, we love the bands and venues, not Ticketmaster
		-- u/Stillybwobbit, 13460 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK about TraffickCam, an app designed to help fight human trafficking by having users upload pictures of their hotel rooms.

Why YSK: An estimated 24.9 million people are trafficked worldwide annually with many of these people being forced into the sex trade. Traffickers often rent hotel rooms and post online ads that include pictures of the victim(s) posed in the hotel room. TraffickCam asks users to select their hotel and room number, and then upload pictures of specific areas and items within the room. The pictures are uploaded to a database that law enforcement can use as clues when investigating hotel rooms that are suspected of being used for sex trafficking. 

Please download the app and the next time you travel, take the time to snap a few pictures of your hotel room. Your pictures could be the key piece of evidence that investigators need to take down sec traffickers and rescue their victims. Thank you for trading.
		-- u/NeuroticNurse, 19823 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK about a website called stolencamerafinder.com, which uses the unique serial number from the exif data of photos to help you locate your stolen camera

[Link to the website](http://www.stolencamerafinder.com)

From their description:^^^# Every photo you take with your digital camera contains hidden information about both the image and the camera such as the make, model and date. This information, called exif data, can also include a unique serial number which identifies your camera.

This website crawls the internet searching for photos, collecting the serial numbers of the cameras that took them.

When you use the drag  drop feature, stolencamerafinder reads the unique serial number from the exif data of your photo and uses it to match against serial numbers it has stored.

---

^^***#:*** ***^^I ^^am ^^not ^^affiliated ^^with ^^them***
		-- u/doorbellguy, 14641 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK about darkpatterns.org that lists and educates you about tricks and scummy tactics used by even the most commonly used websites that make you do things you didn't mean to

Why YSK: [Dark Patterns](https://darkpatterns.org/) are quite prevalent in even the most regularly used websites. How many times have you logged onto a website with an intent to do A but the site tries to lead you to B instead? How many times have you had those "I didn't opt for this" moments during online shopping? This website will help you understand such tricks and be more informed against them.

Note: I'm in no way associated with the website. Just helping spread some good information.

Edit: Wow this got to the Front page! Thanks everyone for helping spread this. Thanks for the generous awards too.
		-- u/cyberdr3amer, 25917 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK about doesthedogdie.com - You can look up books, movies, etc and it will tell you if there are any unpleasant scenes without spoiling the plot.

**Why YSK:** Some scenes can be distressing, especially for people with PTSD or who have suffered a loss. Googling a work of fiction is a good way to have it spoiled. This site has a list of trigger warnings for works of fiction and won't spoil anything. 

https://www.doesthedogdie.com

The site tracks 70+ categories like slurs, car crashes, dogs dying, spiders and cancer.
		-- u/Ajreil, 18914 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK about freerice.com, a fun trivia website that donates rice to the hungry for each correctly answered question

I've spent a few hours on it myself and it's a uniquely productive way to learn and help others simultaneously!
		-- u/ajohnson360, 11000 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK about justwatch.com. it tells you all the platforms a movie is streaming on

edit: also works with tv shows!

editedit: theres also an app!

why ysk: instead of finding a movie and then searching netflix, hulu, prime video, tubi, etc, use [justwatch.com](https://www.justwatch.com/). it shows you every platform the movie is available on

it seperates the platforms between free, subscription, and for renting/for buying, along with the prices for each platform. save a lot of time knowing instantly whether you have it or not

it also has all of the platforms. kanopy, criterion, hoopla, tubi, plutotv, appletv, and more. if a movie isnt available anywhere, theres an option for them to send you an email when it becomes available (without making an account/being on their email list). ive also found nearly every movie on it, from blockbusters to the obscure. best part? its all free
		-- u/pumpkin2500, 12251 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK about send.firefox.com which allows you to share any file via a link that encrypts the file and it allows you to restrict either the number of downloads via the link or minutes after which the link gets expired so that it only reaches the desired user/s.

This is useful for sending large files upto 2.5 GB which sending over the air otherwise, is a big hassle. 
Its been useful at times when I didnt want to use even my email to send confidential info to someone and then have that link expired.

Edit: My first Silver ! Thank you kind stranger !
		-- u/Zackk90, 15704 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK about the 20 second rule

If you notice something wrong with someone's appearance, don't point it out unless it can be fixed in 20 second or less. 

Loose hair, food in teeth, untucked shirt, etc. are all things that can be fixed very quickly. Acne, weight, etc. take a long time to fix, and the person you're talking to probably already knows about the problem, and drawing attention to it can make them self conscious.

Why YSK: Most people want to look their best, and finding out that something was wrong at the end of the day can be a bit disheartening. Politely pointing a small issue out can help them feel better about their appearance, even if only slightly.

(Time frames for this rule vary. I've seen recommendations from 5 seconds all the way to 2 minutes, so basically just have discretion)
		-- u/TrumpetDude21, 18222 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK about the Fundamental Attribution Error, a key concept in psychology where we judge others based on their actions but ourselves based on our intent.

Why YSK: if someone is annoying you or does something that you disagree with, remember that you can’t see inside their thoughts.   

When you cut someone off in traffic, it’s because you were being absentminded or because you’re late to sing lullabies to your newborn, right? But when someone cuts YOU off, it’s because they’re a jerk. You don’t know their inner thoughts, just the result of their actions in the world.   

So: take it easy on your fellow people this holiday season, and remember the fundamental attribution error. You’ll be less stressed, less annoyed, and maybe even happier!
		-- u/bearjew64, 41284 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK about the better/more effective version of Google Translate: Deepl.com

The drawback is less available languages. But [Deepl.com](https://Deepl.com) is ''trained'' to accurately translate large sections of texts. It has helped me understand scientific papers much better!

Some more background info:  [https://mastercaweb.u-strasbg.fr/2018/12/deepl-vs-google-translate-a-modern-day-david-and-goliath?lang=en](https://mastercaweb.u-strasbg.fr/2018/12/deepl-vs-google-translate-a-modern-day-david-and-goliath?lang=en)
		-- u/HelixR, 17079 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK about the security code scam on sites like Craigslist

EDIT as per u/NotsoGrump23's suggestion: Don't share your G-##### code with anyone

Why YSK: There's currently a scam being run on classifieds such as Craigslist, Facebook, etc. in an attempt to obtain access to your Google account. People tie their Google account to just about everything these days, so a malefactor getting their hands on your Gmail account could very well spell incredible danger for the rest of your online accounts -- often including your bank.

The scam works like this. They list a vehicle or property for sale/rent/whatever. Then they give you their phone number. You call/text/whatever and they say they're going to send you a "code" to verify you are who you say you are. What happens is, you get a notification from Google giving you a security code -- this is the thing they want. It will look like G-##### where the #'s are numbers. It is how Google uses your phone to identify you when you try to log in from a different location than is normal -- or when you're trying to, say ***reset your password.***

You unknowingly paste the code to the scammer, they paste the code into their Google pw reset screen, and wham bam thank you ma'am -- as far as Google knows, they are you.

NEVER share a G# code with ANYONE. If you receive a notification on your phone, consider it to be for YOUR EYES ONLY. Because it is.

This is my first time posting here, so please lmk if I made any mistakes in your required formatting!

Obligatory edit to say thanks for awards: thanks for the awards
		-- u/summonern0x, 16355 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK about wage theft. American workers lose billions each year because employers steal the earnings they are entitled to. Wage theft is a crime, and is punishable by law.

Why YSK. All workers are entitled to receive the pay and compensation agreed to between them and their employer. An employer who fails to provide the compensation the employee is legally entitled to, this is [wage theft](https://www.forbes.com/advisor/personal-finance/wage-theft-what-to-do/). There are many different forms. For example:

* Failing to pay overtime.
* Failing to pay the agreed upon salary.
* Requiring workers to work off the clock.
* Requiring workers to work during lunch or break times without additional compensation.
* Forcing workers to pay for a uniform instead of taking uniform costs out of wages.
* Failing to pay a final paycheck to a worker who has left.

Wage theft affects [millions of people every year](https://www.epi.org/publication/employers-steal-billions-from-workers-paychecks-each-year/), and results in billions in wages kept from workers who earned it, and much of it goes unreported.

If you suspect you've had your wages stolen, there are several steps you can take.

1. **Talk to your employer.** The pay loss might have been inadvertent or as the result of an error. Regardless, you should talk to your employer and takes notes about the conversation immediately after. Sending an email or written communication scheduling the meeting or summarizing the conversation after is also prudent.
2. **Contact your state's Department of Labor.** State labor laws differ, but all states have the power to enforce wage theft violations for employers in their state. Find your state's labor department and file a complaint with them.
3. **Contact the state's licensing bodies.** Some businesses require specific state licensure to be in business, and may impose additional requirements on the licenses business owners. Real estate, medical practices, law offices, and other professional businesses have to abide by specific rules or face suspension of their licenses. Contact the state governing body that provides these licenses if your employer has one.
4. **Contact the Department of Labor.** You can [file a complaint](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/contact/complaints) with the Department of Labor for suspected wage theft. The DOL can investigate and prosecute, either civilly or criminally, wage theft cases.
5. **Contact an attorney.** You may have a private case against an employer who withheld your wages. Contact your state's bar association for a referral to an attorney who works with employment law cases.
6. **Contact the police**. Wage theft is a crime, and can be reported to the police. Contact your local police's non-emergency line and ask how to file a complaint.

No matter what you do, it's always best to have as much evidence as possible. Keep records of what you were paid, what you were owed, notes on conversations you had with managers, and any and all written communications between you and the company.
		-- u/ButtholeBanquets, 21634 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK activated charcoal interferes with prescription medications

Ysk activated charcoal is on trend and being used in toothpastes, cleanses, foods, cleaning products...I'm sure you've all seen the adds. Activated charcoal is actually very effective because it bonds to alien molecules preventing your body from digesting them. Poison control uses activated charcoal to prevent people from overdosing or digesting toxins.

 The issues is, activated charcoal can't distinguish between alien substances we choose to put in our bodies like prescription medications and more harmful ones. As a result, people are finding activated charcoal interferes with their prescription medication including antibiotics and birth control. If you are taking part in the new trend, please be mindful of how it will effect your medication.

Edit: To clarify, you have to ingest the activated charcoal for it to interfere with medications, face washes and such should not cause this specific issue. I do not know enough about all activated charcoal products to answer peoples specific questions and reccomend some but not others.

Lots of comments arguing there is not enough in toothpaste to interfere with medications.  My doctor warned to stop using it and following so, my birth control stopped being weird (extra periods and whatnot). Regardless, numerous self-identified dentist in the comments have warned activated charcoal toothpaste damages your enamel and causes dental problems. Will specifically reccomend not to use this one.
		-- u/Psi_nerd, 16067 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK all modern dictionaries define the word “literally” to mean both literally and figuratively(not literally). This opposite definition has been used since at least 1769 and is a very common complaint received by dictionary publishers.

Why YSK: Many people scoff when they hear the word literally being used as an exaggeration (“she literally broke his heart”). However, this word has always had this dual meaning and it’s an accepted English usage to use it either way.

Edit: a good [discussion from the dictionary people](https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/misuse-of-literally) on the topic.
		-- u/grandlewis, 10640 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK all those “old fashioned” tip about interviewing still matter.

I’ve interviewed hundreds of people and the old fashioned tips still matter. Be a little early. Be prepared. Know about the job and company. Have good questions. These always matter. 

Make good eye contact. Smile a lot. Don’t bullshit - say you don’t know or didn’t understand - it’s better than a really shitty answer. If you have a disaster just fess up. No babysitter so the kid is in the waiting room? Pursuit of Happyness movie (yes it’s spelled that way) got paint on you? These are better as it says you will still take care of business. If I hear your phone you’ll get frowned upon unless you immediately apologize. If you look at your phone you’ll never get the job.  Write a follow up thank you. 

Above all else be real. If you bullshit and get the job then we find out what you’re really like or your real skills aren’t as good as you portrayed we will get rid of you. It wastes all our time.

Edit - I’m not a boomer. If common courtesy and politeness makes me old fashioned then I will take it. In many stiff shirt professional companies this is how it is. That’s just the simple truth. 

A lot of people are going up on this thank you thing. This is for professional positions   You do it for a few reasons: 1 when (not if) you realize you blew an answer or totally forgot something important you say it now. 2 unless a shitload of people are fighting over you, thank the people that took time to interview you and may offer you a lot of their hard earned money. Especially if interviewing isn’t their usual job. 3 it’s simply nice and takes all of 15 seconds. 4 until no one else is ever doing it you will be the one that didn’t and it looks bad on you. Or. no one else does and you do it looks good on you. FFS just do it .You will never be frowned upon for doing it. There is a huge chance you will be frowned upon for not.
		-- u/[deleted], 14308 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK an easy way to write down numerical codes that almost no one else will decipher.

So the key is the word Quicktrade. Q=1, U=2, I=3...E=0

So say your locker combo is: 13, 22, 42

You could put a piece of tape on the back of the lock with...

QI, UU, CU

This is really useful for numerical codes that aren't practical to save elsewhere but you seldom use.

I was told it was the only 10 letter word in English with no repeating letters. I'm not sure I fully by that but there are very few if there are more. [edit] Ok, clearly wrong, there are shit tons more.

--THANKS FOR THE GOLD--
		-- u/bassbeatsbanging, 11780 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK as a Pediatrician, passing out antibiotics is easy.

As a Pediatrician, it's the easiest thing in the world for me to give your child antibiotics (ABX) for what is likely a viral illness. I have dozens of patients each week who come in with symptoms and complaints that are likely a viral illness. I explain in detail viral illnesses to family but in the end, it seems most want antibiotics. I even have patients who will then go to urgent care the next day, usually not seeing a Pediatrician, and will then get ABX or steroids as those places pass it out like candy.

I can easily give antibiotics. In fact, if I give ABX, I can justify billing at a higher level to insurance (99214 vs a 99213). I not only make more money, but parents leave happier. Is it the right thing to do? Not at all. When I don't give ABX to a family, not only do I risk parents not being happy and leaving me a poor review, but I then likely will have to dedicate time for phone call follow ups as these families tend to call for ongoing symptoms (need to let the viral illness run its course). I understand it's tough to take a day off from work and take your kid to the doctor just to be told to continue supportive care, but its the right thing to do.

So please parents, when I don't prescribe ABX, I do it truly because I care about your child. I have seen children have horrible Clostridium Difficile infections from ABX. I have seen a young girl with UTIs that are now resistant to almost every oral ABX, and she now requires to be routinely admitted for IV ABX.

**Why YSK:** Passing out ABX like candy is the easy way out. I don't do it cause I truly care about the wellbeing of your child.  Ongoing ABX use can potentially have devasting side effects.

Source: [https://www.cdc.gov/patientsafety/features/be-antibiotics-aware.html](https://www.cdc.gov/patientsafety/features/be-antibiotics-aware.html)
		-- u/PresidentSnow, 12116 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK asking "How are you feeling?" is a much more open-ended question that's not as accusatory or intimidating as "What's wrong?"

When you ask someone "what's wrong?" it puts them in a position that doesn't encourage conversation or doesn't encourage honesty. It gives them an easy way to say "Nothing" or to shrug you off.

Meanwhile, asking someone "how are you feeling?" will be much more open-ended, is more welcoming, caring and much more likely to lead to an honest answer.

This is especially true in relationships when your S/O is withholding why they're upset or the fact of whether or not they're actually upset.

Edit: People, this is not a cure-all. How they respond will always ultimately be up to them. I didn't provide magical words - just a better way to see what may be troubling someone.

If they don't want to tell you, it doesn't matter how you ask them...
		-- u/Svargas05, 16947 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK being able to purchase something is NOT the same as being able to afford it

Being able to purchase something means you literally have the money and/or credit to buy it. Being able to AFFORD something means you can buy it *comfortably* without running into financial difficulties.

Many people just resort to the former, but that’s not the smartest way to spend your money. You’ll quickly find yourself struggling to save money and you’ll be compromising your long-term financial or retirement plans, if any.

Know your budget, know the value of what you’re buying (price =/ value), and make sure you can *comfortably* buy it.
		-- u/Fargraven, 19353 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK birds prefer walking to flying

Why YSK: As someone who rescues birds, I see a lot of misinformed comments from people about how it is “sad” birds are kept in homes, because birds are “meant” to fly, and being able to fly is what makes them free. 

Whilst humans do seem to have taken birds and other flighted creatures (butterflies etc) as a symbol of our own limited idea of freedom, you should know that birds don’t actually like flying that much. 

Most birds prefer walking (or hopping, climbing and running) to flying because it consumes much less energy to perform. Unless flying serves a specific purpose (migration, hunting, or escaping a predator), most birds will avoid flying when they can. 

Scientists have discovered in recent years that birds make decisions to walk or to fly to a food source based on whichever gives them the most energy in the long term.

Energy conservation is much more critical to birds than it is to humans. Well-fed humans could live for weeks without eating; a bird has to feed ­almost daily, making an effective feeding routine essential. Flying uses up energy at 10 times the rate of walking or hopping, so ground-feeding birds avoid flying if foraging over short distances – this is why feral ­pigeons in towns walk out of your way, and only fly if rushed at.

When it comes to escaping from predators, birds will definitely fly away immediately if you come too near. 

This is called the Flight Initiation Distance (FID). This distance is basically like the comfort zone of birds, being the distance that a bird first perceives danger and flies away when approached by humans.

If you are outside of a bird’s FID, then it’s likely they will prefer to walk quickly away or run away, but when you step within it, birds will prefer to fly away instead.

Whilst birds should be given ample flight time (my rescues have a whole room to themselves, as do many other pet birds), keeping a bird in a home where it has lots of time to run around, play with friends and access food and water safely is much more important to that bird’s mental well-being than being able to fly across the world. 

Whilst humans see birds as primarily flight animals, it is more appropriate to see them as flock animals - their biggest priority is staying safe, with their flock, not being able to upend their lives and fly just because they feel like it 

[https://birdingoutdoors.com/do-birds-prefer-flying-or-walking-answered/](https://birdingoutdoors.com/do-birds-prefer-flying-or-walking-answered/)

EDIT: since there’s a lot of confusion, I am going to clarify two points. 

1. “Birds prefer walking to flying” is not the same as saying “Birds do not like flying”. Of course birds like flying. Given the choice, however, most species of birds will choose to walk rather than fly in the same way most humans walk to work, instead of sprinting. 

2. “Birds prefer walking to flying” is not the same as saying “Birds do not need to fly”. Birds do need to fly. Birds who are kept in a cage 24/7 and are not able to exercise and fly regularly develop severe mental and physical problems. No one who cares about animals would look consider keeping a bird caged 24/7 acceptable. 

The point of this post is not to suggest birds hate flying or that it is not necessary - it is to challenge some of the misconceptions about birds, their natural behaviour, and the ideas we as humans impose on birds without taking the time to fully understand or observe them. The idea that being able to fly around the world is the ultimate symbol of freedom is a very human one, and one that does not necessarily reflect natural life.
		-- u/kittywenham, 18269 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK brushing your teeth with too much pressure can cause more harm than good. Brushing your teeth too hard can cause issues like scratched enamel and gum degeneration. There’s also very frail tissue where the tooth and the gum meet, and that will just wear away if you brush too aggressively.

Why YSK: 50 percent of US adults aged 18 and older have some form of gum recession, which can lead to pain and serious long term problems. The easiest thing you can do to help is to brush with the correct amount of pressure in order to avoid damaging the gums and tooth enamel, while still eliminating the plaque.

Sources:

[https://www.webmd.com/oral-health/news/20091110/brushing-too-hard-causes-sensitive-teeth](https://www.webmd.com/oral-health/news/20091110/brushing-too-hard-causes-sensitive-teeth)

[https://www.msn.com/en-us/health/wellness/your-teeth-and-gums-are-begging-you-to-stop-brushing-so-hard/ar-BB1gFoIe](https://www.msn.com/en-us/health/wellness/your-teeth-and-gums-are-begging-you-to-stop-brushing-so-hard/ar-BB1gFoIe)
		-- u/grandlewis, 12371 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK catalytic converter thieves are targeting specific models of cars (especially the Prius). Toyota is so back-ordered on catalysts it may take over a month to replace a stolen one, while costing you over $1,000. But theft can be deterred by installing an anti-theft catalytic converter shield.

Why YSK: Catalytic converter theft is so rampant that catalysts for the most commonly targeted cars (all models of the Toyota Prius) are severely back-ordered by a month or more, made worse by world-wide supply chain complications. They are also very expensive to replace. Your car isn't legal to drive if the catalyst has been cut out. But you should know that catalyst theft can be easily deterred by installing a catalytic converter shield that makes them much harder to cut out.

___

Catalytic converters (which reduce various pollutants in car exhaust) are being cut out of parked cars using power tools so that the tiny quantities of platinum in them can be extracted by scrappers. A friend of mine had his catalytic converter stolen out of his Prius yesterday, and when he took his car to the dealership to have this fixed, they told him that due to the rampant theft of these things (likely exacerbated by a stressed supply chain), particularly the ones for the Toyota Prius, catalysts were back-ordered and delayed by at least a month.

The thieves target a handful of models for this kind of raid. The Toyota Prius (all models and versions) and the Honda Element models are the most frequently targeted, along with the Toyota Tacoma, Tundra, and Sequoia. You can protect yourself by installing a catalytic converter shield. The cost of one of these things plus the labor to install it is far less cost and far less trouble than the cost of having your catalyst stolen.

I'm not here to promote any particular brand, so I'm not going to post a link; these are easy enough to find by doing a web search for "catalytic converter shield".

They are typically installed by having rivet nuts installed into various holes in the chassis (some of which may need to be drilled or widened), followed by being screwed in with tamper resistant screws. But since it isn't that hard to find bits for tamper-resistant screws (and thieves are likely to have such bits), I recommend going for brands that offer custom security screws, or buying custom security screws of your own.

Prevent regret. If you own one of the models that thieves target, install a catalytic converter shield. Do your part to put these thieves out of business.
		-- u/Berkamin, 12198 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK changing windows or gaming during a web meeting changes the colors on your face, and can give you away.

I'm in the middle of a six-hour meeting with mandatory cameras on, and it's being recorded. There is a guy in a headset who is staring *very* intently at his screen. Maybe he's just *very* engaged with the presentations? 

But flashes of color that look a LOT like explosions are lighting up his face at least once per second. I hope his KDR is good, because I suspect our boy's gonna get a pretty unpleasant conversation from a supervisor afterward.

Doesn't matter what your skin tone or environmental lighting are-- if your monitor's brightness or color is changing, whether from games or even from tabbing between dark and light windows, **it's a big visible tell and people can literally see it on your face**. The bigger your monitor is, the more visible it is.

Turning on a blue light filter or similar can offset it, but just... be aware. 

Why YSK: Privacy is important. Beyond "this is a meeting that should have been an email" frustration, there are valid reasons to not always have your virtual meeting as your top window, and you should know how you're presenting yourself.

---

post-frontpage edit: Yes the meeting length is ridiculous; no I'm not saying the context or industry; no this isn't any kind of narc, I'm on team play-while-you-work. But it's a thing people legitimately don't know, because we're not looking at our own faces when we're tabbed out, so we don't see how we look. But *you should know* you look different when you're tabbed out of your virtual meeting.
		-- u/hakuna_dentata, 16437 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK cleaning your tongue fights bad breath, all you need is your toothbrush

Why YSK: I was never taught this growing up, but in addition to brushing your teeth and flossing you should also be cleaning your tongue— especially if you’re prone to bad breath ([source](https://www.healthline.com/health/dental-oral-health/brushing-your-tongue)). You can just brush with your toothbrush or use a dedicated tongue scraper.

Be mindful towards the back where it might trigger your gag reflex. You don’t have to clean all the way back for this to help.

Here’s to keeping your mask a little fresher!

**Edit:** thanks for the awards and all your comments! Turns out y'all know a shocking amount about inhibiting the gag reflex (gripping your thumb with the other fingers of the same hand, humming, pinching your nose bridge, breathing out through your mouth, hold a deep breath)...

I want to add that I always rinse my mouth out really well after brushing my tongue with toothpaste in case the extra toothpaste exposure is bad for you. It’s probably not rational, but I’m more scared of mouth cancer from whitening toothpaste than I am of not getting enough fluoride. To maximize fluoride leave it on your teeth for 30 minutes.

Also, please remember not to take the word of strangers on the internet as gospel. I posted based on my personal experience and a couple people pointed out that the source article is unconvincing (thanks /u/Der_Pimmelreiter, /u/Atomic254 and others). It seems there are not enough large studies for this to be settled science, but there is some evidence this helps with bad breath. Some random papers I found: [2013 meta analysis showing benefit](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24165218/); [RCT for gingivitis patients shows benefit](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00784-018-2617-5); It might actually [improve the mouth microbiome](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fcimb.2019.00039/full?fbclid=IwAR0cEeIS7D2C2w_cBNdfK-KthqCE0HRxV7GCAoQHAY7eZVu4HCBy6CapOmI#h5); [combining with mouthwash might be the most effective](https://cdn.vivarep.com/contrib/va/documents/al_hnd.20190708144636280.pdf#page=34).

Other helpful comments: if you still have bad breath, it could be tonsil stones or a digestive tract issue you should see a doctor about. People love (LOVE) their tongue scrapers (at least one person thinks brushing works better though). Floss or those floss picks work too. Drinking lots of water also helps.
		-- u/004A, 24277 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK delivery apps charge restaurants 15%-30% on top of the fees they charge you, often eliminating the restaurants profits. Ordering directly is the best way to support local restaurants.

Why YSK:

Restaurants often operate on \~30% or less profit margins, so by using delivery apps they are often breaking even or losing money, essentially working for free. Most people think they are helping the restaurant but they could actually be hurting it.
		-- u/[deleted], 41597 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK dishwasher pods contain PVA, a type of plastic that can contaminate groundwater

https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffkart/2021/08/08/study-says-up-to-75-of-plastics-from-detergent-pods-enter-the-environment-industry-says-they-safely-biodegrade/

Why YSK: the home goods industry markets these as biodegradable. However, that's only at certain temperatures/conditions, which wastewater treatment plants typically don't meet. The result is more plastics in our groundwater (and potentially a plastic film on your dishes).
		-- u/PanickedPoodle, 10790 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK don’t turn around and go back home after your dog has done its duty.

The dog will begin to learn that you take it back home after it shits. And after they learn they’re going to hold their shit in for them to walk longer. So what you need to do is have a set path or two that you take and follow that path completely. This lets the dog know that they have a set amount of time for them to do their duty before they get back home.
		-- u/SrGobble, 34782 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK driving out of your way for cheaper gas isn't (usually) worth it

Why YSK: Often, especially with the skyrocketing gas prices, it's tempting to make a detour to go to a cheap station, however this usually ends up costing you more both in spent money and by consuming your free time.

[I made a tool to calculate this to see for yourself.](https://matthewminer.name/projects/calculators/when-to-get-gas-out-of-way/)

[For example](https://matthewminer.name/projects/calculators/when-to-get-gas-out-of-way/?distance=8volume=14detour-price=4.44nearest-price=4.59efficiency=22speed=19.2time-rate=15), assume you're at a station that's $4.599/gal. You know there's gas for 15¢ cheaper 4 miles away. If you're filling up a 14-gallon tank, that'd save you over $2.

However, that adds 8 miles of driving out of your way. At 22 mpg, you're going to burn $1.60 more gas just going there and back. Now you're down to 50¢ savings.

Add on the fact that you'll probably add about a dollar of wear to your vehicle and you're losing 50¢ now.

Then it's also taking maybe 25 minutes of your time to drive there and back. Even at $15/hour, that's $6. Maybe you wouldn't be working if you went to the closest station, but your free time is just as valuable.

So in the end, your money-saving endeavor ends up with a minor monetary loss *and* a major time-value loss.

That's not to say it can't be worth it. A slight detour to save 50¢ while filling up gas cans is a good deal. Filling up at Costco while you're already there has no downside (except their stupid nozzles). But most of the time, hunting [GasBuddy](https://www.gasbuddy.com/home) or Google Maps for a good gas deal will unintuitively end up costing you more than it will save.
		-- u/mminer23, 11764 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK due to the microscopic space left between printing layers, almost all 3D printing is inherently not food-safe. Since bacteria can flourish in those spaces, the print must be sealed with a resin.

Why YSK: a lot of items printed for kitchens and bathrooms are being sold on eBay, Amazon, Etsy, etc. and a vast majority of them are not sealed. 

Even if you’re cleaning them with high temp dishwashers, the space between the layers can be a hiding place for dangerous bacteria. 

Either buy items that are sealed, or buy a *food-safe resin and seal your own items.

Edit: food-safe resin
		-- u/0000000000000007, 14980 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK even if small business owners have insurance that covers damage from civil unrest, many will not get payouts for more than a year (if at all).They're affected far more than big corporate chains. Historically, many businesses never return to areas affected by significant rioting and looting.

I've seen a lot of posts all over social media condoning rioting and looting in the name of the cause...with the justification its not a big deal because they're covered by insurance, and financial damage doesn't matter in comparison to the broader issue of police injustice.

While property will of course never be as important as a life, the reality isn't really so simple.

It can be extremely difficult for small business owners to recover full damages from insurance. There is tons of paperwork, bureaucracy, and documentation involved...and often the insurance companies fight back on claims to reduce their liabilities. Sometimes owners don't have specific coverage policies that the damage/theft falls under, or theres some hidden exclusion. And given the current situation with so many businesses already struggling, most likely won't have adequate savings to ride it out until they're paid. This will be a death blow to many small businesses across America...along with the livelihoods of the owners and people who work there.

The US has had a long history with race-related riots. Time and again history has shown that indiscriminate looting/civil unrest has serious long term negative consequences in the most affected neighborhoods, which almost always disproportionately affects black communities and other minorities.

In many cases, most businesses never return to looted/burned areas (Eg. Watts, Newark, Detroit, Furguson). This leads to a downward spiral of increased unemployment and plummeting property values. These are the very issues which fuel the cycles of poverty, low education, reliance on government, drugs, and crime within minority neighborhoods that leave them even more vulnerable to systematic disenfranchisement and over-policing.

The big corporate chains will all be fine....they may choose not to rebuild in those same locations (leading to even more unemployment...food deserts...etc), but they'll be fine.  Everybody else, including the minority business owners, probably won't be. The scars from this week will take a long time to heal. 

Just some food for thought for those who look at disorganized rioting and looting as a necessary means to an end....or "just property damage".  Its not about the property, its about the long term consequences within the community that work against the actual cause.
		-- u/DontMicrowaveCats, 28178 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK everyone can hear the calls you take/make through your car's speakers

why ysk: cars are not soundproof, the speakers in them are usually set to be very bass-y, everyone outside of the car can *feel* the rings when you are making a call. 

if you don't want everyone around your car to hear you, you might want to reconsider using the car speakers to take your calls
		-- u/needlebeach, 13836 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK experiencing a clinical mental health problem at some point in life may actually be the norm, rather than the exception.

The problem with many studies on mental health is that they don’t follow people over time. So when they tell you something will affect 1 in 4, that statistic might seriously understate reality. In the early 70s, a research team from Duke University started following 1,037 babies, collecting a large amount of health and psychological data at multiple points between the ages 11-38.

What they found was that 82.7% of subjects met the clinical criteria for mental disorder at least once between late childhood and midlife, and only 17.3% never actually developed clinical symptoms.I think this is important because it shows us that what looks like a rare disease may, in fact, be a social epidemic — or, rather, human experience.

[Here's a link](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5304549/) to the peer-reviewed study.
		-- u/Ellie_D, 24291 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK firefox is offering a service to check wether your data was breached or not. It checks databases in DarkWeb for your email. The service is free and you can check unlimited emails with the service.

[Firefox Monitor](http://monitor.firefox.com)

Edit: Since some people are asking what to do if my data is breached, here are what Firefox recommend to do:

* **What to do after a data breach** You get an email, either from Firefox Monitor  or a company where you have an account. There’s been a security  incident. Your account has been compromised. Getting notified that you’ve been a victim of a data breach can be alarming. You have valid cause for concern, but there are a **few steps you can take immediately to protect your account and limit the damage.**
* **Read the details about the breach.**   Read  closely to learn what happened. What personal data of yours was  included? Your next steps will depend on what information you need to  protect. When did the breach happen? You may receive the notice months  or even years after the data breach occurred. Sometimes it takes awhile  for companies to discover a breach. Sometimes breaches are not  immediately made public.
* **If you haven’t yet, change your password.** Lock  down your account with a new password. If you can’t log in, contact the  website to ask how you can recover or shut down the account. See an  account you don’t recognize? The site may have changed names or someone  may have created an account for you.
* **If you’ve used that password for other accounts, change those too**. Hackers  may try to reuse your exposed password to get into other accounts.  Create a different password for each website, especially for your  financial accounts, email account, and other websites where you save  personal information.
* **Take extra steps if your financial data was breached.** Most  breaches only expose emails and passwords, but some do include  sensitive financial information. If your bank account or credit card  numbers were included in a breach, alert your your bank to possible  fraud. Monitor statements for charges you don't recognize.
* **Review your credit reports to catch identity theft.** If  you have credit history in the United States, check your credit reports  for suspicious activity. Ensure that no new accounts, loans, or cards  have been opened in your name. By law, you’re permitted to one free  report from the three major credit reporting bureaus every year. Request  them through annualcreditreport.com. And don’t worry, checking your own  credit report never affects your score.

**Here are some useful links to check:**

[How hackers work](https://monitor.firefox.com/security-tips#how-hackers-work)

[How to create strong passwords](https://monitor.firefox.com/security-tips#strong-passwords)

[5 myths about password managers](https://monitor.firefox.com/security-tips#five-myths)

[Steps to protect your identity online](https://monitor.firefox.com/security-tips#steps-to-protect)

[Take further steps to protect your identity](https://monitor.firefox.com/security-tips#next-steps)
		-- u/amirsadeghi, 17124 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK having a garbage bin in your guest bathroom can save your female visitors from a lot of discomfort.

I have noticed that many of my male friends who are either gay or single don't have garbage bins in their half bathrooms. This can make it very awkward for a female on their period. Either they have to try and wrap up feminine hygiene products in toilet paper and carry it around your house searching for another garbage or awkwardly stash it in their purse. It's 20 times more awkward if this happens during a party when you have a lot of people around. I've also had this problem before when visiting older women who don't need a garbage can for their own personal use anymore so men aren't the only culprits. So please consider that your guests might actually need and appreciate a small garbage can in the toilet area.
		-- u/unwritten_otter, 43234 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK homeless shelters are asked for socks over any other items by the homeless. If your looking to help, dropping of a fresh pack will go along way for relatively cheap.

Also helps prevent against frostbite, bacterial infection, and provides good warmth.
		-- u/Bernardhopkins, 13779 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK how people treat you is not a reflection of your value or who you are

# Why YSK:

Shitty people are everywhere in the world. And sometimes even the best of people can do shitty things. Focusing too much on what you might have done to deserve being treated in a specific way, or wondering why someone you love would hurt you often just leads to pain without solutions.

*Quick disclaimer: This is a HUGE topic and there's no way anyone can get to the bottom of this in just a few paragraphs. This is just a humble attempt at catching the most important things*

Don't get me wrong. If you shout "FUCK YOU!" to someone, then don't be surprised if they call you a cunt in return. But there is a big difference between that and a good friend lying to you, family keeping secrets, a partner cheating on you, or in general someone you love doing something that hurts you. Expescially when there's no clear provocation.

In my personal experience people usually end up hurting eachother as a result of poor communication. I think this poor communication can be divided into a few different groups

1. Not knowing properly what is important to the other person ahead of time
2. Not communicating about how others have hurt you before
3. Not communicating to someone how they specifically might have hurt you before
4. Not being honest when something does happen that would hurt the other person

People might still end up hurting you even if communication has been excelent though. In these cases it's still not a reflection on you, your value, or your person. It's far more often a projection of who the other person is.

# So what can be done?

1. **Trying to avoid the missteps in communication listed above**Inquire about what matters to other people and don't be afraid to ask deeper questions concerning what they care about.
2. **Lead by example**Being open and honest is difficult. Espescially for men in a macho-culture or anyone else in an environment where feelings are frowned upon. However it gets easier the more people embrace the emotions of others as well as themselves. Start with the man in the mirror and be supportive of others. Even if you disagree with their moral values or decisions.
3. **Make it easy for others to communicate with you**Respond positively and constructively when someone is open and honest with you. Try to avoid making a joke of things unless you've established that this makes it easier for the ones involved. When someone does hurt you; try to understand what lead up to it and how it happened, rather than laying blame. Look for solutions to the problem at hand and don't be afraid to accept your part in it. (I have never experienced someone making me regret taking on any blame. I personally also think the relationship is more important than being right)
4. **Some people are toxic or just incompatible**Sometimes things hurt or just doesn't work for reasons we can't do anything about. This also means there are people we will be perfect with for reasons nobody else can change. Don't worry too much if someone hurts you or things don't work out with someone specific. It's not because you're bad or because you deserve to be treated poorly.

# How other people treat you is not a reflection of your value or who you are.

**P.S.**   *Please don't hesitate to critisize this if you disagree or feel like i missed something very important. I hate the thought of giving bad advice and would rather take this down if there are significant flaws with it.I should also say that I'm not an expert on any of this. I just love to learn and felt very inspired after reading about moral psychology. I felt a great sense of mastery when i applied what i've learned to my real life experiences and simply wanted to share some of the things that have improved my life the most*
		-- u/Bombilillion, 12366 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK how to access all of the data Google has collected about you (and how to disable it)

Google stores basically everything you do, so if your account is hacked the hackers will know _everything_ about you. This includes audio conversations, web history, and location history. So it’s important to know how to turn it off. Head over [here](https://myaccount.google.com/u/1/data-and-personalization) and you can easily change your preferences to protect your safety.

You can also download all of the data Google has collected about you.  [Click here](https://takeout.google.com/u/1/?pli=1) to customize what you want to download. You will receive the link to the download in an email. If you want, it even has an option to send you your data very 2 months for a year.
		-- u/Dorkmeister579, 17617 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK how to escape a human bite

Why YSK: Human bites are extremely dangerous. The jaw has a huge amount of force and oral bacteria can infect a human bite wound. The teeth can easily penetrate down through layers of skin and into muscle. Trying to rip your arm, or your whatever, out of their mouth will cause serious extra harm. 

To stop a bite, human (this also works for canine) brace and push the part of you that is being bitten into their mouth with force. Push them back against a building or wall to allow more force to push into their mouth. This is sometimes called ‘feeding the bite.’ Being physically close to them also minimizes the damage they can do to the rest of your body and they can’t rip your skin as easily. 

Their jaw will release and press open for you to get free and get out of there. The wounds won’t tear, you’ll be treating punctures not shredded skin and muscle. In addition specifically for people bites, take your first finger, and put it under the nose (like you were making a mustache on the biter) and VIGOROUSLY rub back and forth and push up onto that small protrusion of bone at the base of the septum, it’s called the nose saw and people often let go because a. It’s weird and b. They release the jaw to back away from it. 

As soon as the jaw releases, run as fast you can out of the area. Go to the ER, call EMS if you need help controlling bleeding.
		-- u/flowercrownrugged, 25232 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK how to increase your chances of survival in a crowd crush

Why YSK: The recent tragedy at the Travis Scott music festival event isn't a one-off and you could find yourself in a similar situation.

As someone who has been in a crowd crush, I can assure you it's horrifying, and it shouldn't happen if the crowd has been organized correctly.

Even in cases when it's not lethal, serious injury occurs, and it can be traumatizing. You should know there are things you can do to protect yourself if you find yourself in a crowd crush.

* **Know the signs.** It's important that you can recognize when a crowd is progressing towards a crush. The most obvious way to recognize this is if you can't lift your hands up high enough to touch your face. This means the amount of people per square meter has gone past a safe level. Before things get dangerous, if the crowd moves slightly and you move with it against your will, it's time to begin finding a way out because if a bigger, stronger push comes, you will be taken with it. What are people around you saying? Take notice of other people's energy. Are they panicked? Are they uncomfortable? Are they saying things that echo your own anxiety around what could be a developing danger? The best time to notice these red flags is just before the show starts, because in all likelihood once it's started, those movements will be much harder to fight against, and it is going to be loud. So stay vigilant to this leading up to the start of a show.
* **Locate exits.** Once you know things are getting hairy, scan the area for your best exit options and begin moving to the closest. Is it the barrier at the front of the crowd? Or is it behind you where the crowd is less compressed? You need to have your bearings or you could find yourself moving deeper into crowd. How many rows of people are there between you and the exit? Take a mental note. Before the show starts, you need to know which direction to head in if things become dangerous.
* **Protect your chest.** The main cause of death in a crowd crush is suffocation. This is caused by surrounding bodies compressing your chest so no oxygen can flow. Get your arms up to your chest like you're a boxer, and use them to keep people off you to your best ability. Maintain the guard and apply force with your arms to keep people at bay, and give yourself breathing room. Videos from Astroworld show a lot of people with their arms at their side. They likely didn't know about this strategy.
* **Keep upright/move with the crowd.** Another major cause of death in crowd crush is trampling. Staying on your feet is easier said than done, especially if there is a collapse near you. If you've ever experienced a dense crowd, you know that the waves are strong. No matter how good and sturdy your footing is, you aren't going to be able to fight against the weight. The best way to avoid falling over is to move with the flow of the crowd. The moment you feel the wave coming, allow yourself to move in its direction and focus on staying up. Continue in the direction of your best exit between waves.
* **Stay calm.** It takes a long time to get out, you need to keep a level head so you can focus on protecting your chest, staying upright, and getting to the exit. If you begin to panic, you'll also start beathing faster. In a situation where suffocation is the main cause of death, staying calm will regulate your breathing and preserve your most important resource.
* **Help others.** Finally, your own survival is obviously critical but that doesn't mean looking out for number one at all cost. In fact, the opposite is true. Working together is the best way to avoid mass death in crowd crush. Helping people (when you can) get off the ground, or making sure people don't fall will actually increase your chances of getting out faster, and if you fell you'd definitely want someone to help you.

You can read more about the physics of crowd crush, and the survival tips here: [https://theconversation.com/ten-tips-for-surviving-a-crowd-crush-112169](https://theconversation.com/ten-tips-for-surviving-a-crowd-crush-112169)

edit: People have been mentioning a great tip worth pinning to the top -  **Move sideways relative to the flow of the crowd**.

2nd edit: Another lot of comments acknowledging what to do if you do fall -  **If you fall, stay on your side and then protect you head with your arms.**  
		-- u/plsdontkillme_yet, 20369 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK how to potentially deter/avoid a break in by replacing the original/standard little screws that your door(s) lock plates are installed with

Why YSK: Most contractors install the plates with the [supplied screws](https://i.imgur.com/tnMB3w9.jpg) which are only a half inch long and can easily come out with one kick. Instead, use 4 inch screws in their place that go through the door frame and into the framing of the house. Making a burglar make a bunch of noise and be foiled in their initial plan can not only give you and your loved ones more time to arm yourselves or get away, but burglars will most likely move on to an easier target.
		-- u/vinoKwine, 13610 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK how to use the Ivy Lee Method to increase your productivity

Why YSK: The Ivy Lee Method is one of the oldest, simplest, and most effective productivity hacks that you can apply in your life.

Here is the way it works: each night before your day of work, write down your six most important tasks to do the next day in order of importance. The next day, you simply begin doing the tasks you wrote down one at a time.

This method is highly effective because you reduce decision fatigue and reserve your energy for your most prioritized tasks. If you don’t complete all of your tasks, simply add those unfinished ones to your list for the next day.

Link: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.businessinsider.com/ivy-lee-method-productivity-2018-9%3famp

Edit: Your list should never have more than 6 tasks. Anything more will most likely be counter-productive
		-- u/[deleted], 14238 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK how you preform the heimlich manuver on a choking toddler or baby.

 If a choking infant can no longer breathe, cough, or make sounds, tell someone to call 911 immediately or dial yourself and place on speaker while you help them. Next, place the baby face down on your forearm. Your arm should be resting on your thigh. With the heel of your other hand, give the child five quick, forceful blows between the shoulder blades. If this fails, turn the infant on their back so that the head is lower than the chest. Place two fingers in the center middle of the breast bone, just below the nipples. Press inward rapidly five times. Continue this sequence of five back blows and five chest thrusts until the foreign object comes out or until the infant passes out. If the infant passes out, tell 911 immediately. **Never put your fingers into the infant's mouth unless you can see the object. Doing so may push the blockage farther into the airway.**

Adults have straight windpipes that can eject food relatively easily if the adult heimlich is performed properly. Slapping an adult on the back will help them dislodge partially stuck food, but if the food is fully blocking the airway, you'll have to do the heimlich maneuver on them. You'll be able to tell if the adult of child is able to cough, or make a little noise. If they can't do either of those things, the food is firmly lodged in their windpipe.  You should avoid slapping an Infant or toddler's back when you think they may be choking. Children have funnel shaped windpipes that will force food further down to become firmly lodged when they're sitting up if you slap their backs, instead of sending it out so they can breathe again. 

Citation: https://www.saintlukeskc.org/health-library/when-child-choking-age-1-12-years

https://www.stanfordchildrens.org/en/topic/default?id=how-to-help-a-choking-child-1-197

[video demonstration](https://youtu.be/aXaLc-AwX2g)

Edit: yes I am aware I misspelled perform in the title and maneuver elsewhere. I can't change the title, please stop commenting about it.

Edit: thanks to u/BoopBoop20 for this incredibly helpful comment: 
&gt;[American Red Cross](https://www.redcross.org/take-a-class/classes/child-and-baby-first-aid%2Fcpr%2Faed-online/a6R0V0000015FV5.html) is a great place to start.  They are offering online course due to Covid 19 and for a reduced rate ($32.00 USD). 
&gt;I’m an instructor for AHA(American heart association), heartsaver, bls cpr/first aide. If you talk to your fire company they probably have a list of instructors and or classes you can reach out to and attend; this goes for anyone-reach out to your local fire/EMS organizations and they should be able to get you set up!
		-- u/Pandaploots, 11350 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK hulu.com is streaming low quality content to your desktop PC. They advertise high quality steaming but it only works on a TV or streaming device. They acknowledged the issue over a year ago with no fix.

Source: [https://community.hulu.com/s/question/0D51L00006PQiwJSAT/poor-video-quality-on-my-pc-but-not-firestick](https://community.hulu.com/s/question/0D51L00006PQiwJSAT/poor-video-quality-on-my-pc-but-not-firestick)

I thought this important to share because it seems to be getting ignored. Spreading awareness might help get this issue finally fixed. If anything, you should know what you're getting if you sign up for this service with the intent on using it on your computer or web browser.
		-- u/XGhozt, 18254 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK if a car dealer uses the "4 square" to help figure out the sales price, they are trying to confuse you.

Why YSK: You'll end up paying more for the car than you should.

Instead of just dealing with the final price of the car they will have you thinking about the other terms like monthly payment. Stay focused on the price and know what a fair price would be.

[This article has details on how it works.](https://www.consumerreports.org/consumerist/dealerships-rip-you-off-with-the-four-square-heres-how-to-beat-it/)
		-- u/SuperSimpleSam, 15546 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK if a service dog approaches you without their human, follow them; their person is down and in need of help.

This actually happened to me in my home town, a dalmatian with his service dog "coat" escorted me to their owner who had a stroke. I called 911 (112 where I'm from) and the ambulance took him and the dog to the hospital. Don't just ignore the dog and assume it's a stray dog, it's trained to act accordingly.
		-- u/[deleted], 24628 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK if someone goes into cardiac arrest you should begin CPR immediately after calling 911

My girlfriend and I were driving yesterday when she saw a man collapse in his front yard.  She told me and I pulled over.  I found him face down by his lawnmower, unconscious.  
  
We tried to call 911 but didn’t have service, so I flagged down a neighbor and had her call.  The neighbor had a friend present and that friend tried to take his pulse, initially saying that he “was no longer with us” but then she saw him breathe slightly.

Fortunately an ambulance was there in maybe 5-6 min after the man’s collapse, and I didn’t want to approach him personally because I didn’t feel qualified.  

Why YSK:  When I went home I did some research, and if I had begun mouthless CPR– chest compressions to the beat of “Stayin’ Alive”- I might have been able to dramatically improve the man’s odds of survival.  But I didn’t know, and hadn’t had a refresher on CPR since I was a kid.

I didn’t have those tools or knowledge on-hand, and I wish I had.

I also looked up survival rates and sad to say the odds seem to be that we witnessed this man in his final minutes, or at the very least at a point where his life changed dramatically.  I wish I could have done more in the moment, and I hope by posting this someone is able to think and act more quickly if they happen to be in that situation.  

[CPR during cardiac arrest: someone’s life is in your hands ](https://www.health.harvard.edu/blog/cpr-during-cardiac-arrest-someones-life-is-in-your-hands-201507238152)
		-- u/SpookZero, 14325 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK if you accidentally write on a white board with permanent marker, you can easily get it off using a dry erase marker

EDIT; Thank you, kind strangers, for my first ever gold and silver! I don’t even know what to do with them, but I’ve seen other Redditors gets them!

I am an elementary teacher, and I have a large white board that is also a smartboard in my classroom. At least once a year, someone accidentally writes on it with magic marker or sharpie instead of dry erase.  If this happens, all you need to do is cover the markings from the permanent marker using a dry erase marker. Then simply wipe off using a dry washcloth or eraser. I don’t know why (I’m sure someone here knows the scientific explanation!), but the dry erase marker ink breaks up the permanent marker ink, and both marks will be erased together! There is not even a shadow left behind.

This is very convenient to know when you teach 8 yr olds!
		-- u/erin5782, 12658 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK if you adopt a very young child or baby, tell them they were adopted right from the start, don't wait until they're older.

"The few studies that exist indicate that the late discovery of adoption is linked to psychological distress and feelings of anger, betrayal, depression, and anxiety."

In this [study](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0192513X19829503?journalCode=jfia) it states that "Results indicated that those who learned of their adoptions from age 3 and older reported more distress and lower life satisfaction when controlling for the amount of time adoptees have known of their adoption statuses and their use of coping strategies."

Basically, if you tell them right from the start, including, of course, that you love them, it is much better for the child's mental health.
		-- u/Gallifrey91, 33831 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK if you are color blind, there is an app called Color Grabber that will tell you the color of anything

Why YSK: Color Grabber is an Android app that will use your phone's camera to tell you the color of for example, a shirt you are looking to buy. This is useful for example often shirts will not have the color on the tab but some artsy name like "Spring Mist" when it's light green. The app will use the phone's camera and you tap on the item you want to know the color of.

Edit: Looks like it's "Color Grab" not "Grabber"

Edit edit: some folks are saying it's not accurate due to lighting, etc., so don't use it for anything important like traffic lights.

Edit^3 : Some people are suggesting Color Blind Pal for iOS.
		-- u/stanfan114, 13379 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK if you break through ice look for a dark spot.

Why YSK: Might save your life to know that the ice above you covering the water appears white from underneath, and the hole you broke through looks dark. So, look for a dark spot when swimming up.

Also good to know: Once you found it, turn your back to the ledge, put your elbows over the ledge and make swimming movements with your legs, as if you were swimming on your back. Like this you should be able to slide over the edge on top of the ice. Keep lying on your back, pushing yourself away from the place you broke through, then turn on your belly and crawl or roll to safety, without using knees or elbows.

Edit: I meant of course crawl or roll, not rob, to not confuse you further.

Edit 2: To all people calling bullshit: This is public advice from the danish authorities, source is here:

https://www.badesikkerhed.dk/en/adults/ice-safety/

I believe it’s because when you scuba dive under meter thick ice, it might appear dark, but that’s probably not the ice you typically break through. Personally, I have not had the pleasure yet, so can’t be sure.
		-- u/Konstantin_G_Fahr, 18363 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK if you decide to visit family/friends that are going through a rough time, consider bringing your own food and arrange your trasportation, even small inconveniences can add stress in difficult times

Why YSK: during rough times even small extra tasks/errands can create stress

Me and my GF are going through a real hard time, own little baby is in hospital. Our family came to visit from out of town for a day (much appreciated moral support obviously) but we had to pick them up from the airport and we had to buy groceries for a proper meal (nothing fancy but still something that requires more effort than frozen pizza).   
Again, is not about the effort in itself (we live in a relatively small town) but mentally we could do without those little extra tasks.

EDIT: thanks for the awards but most of all for the good wishes for my little boy, he’s in ICU and slowly improving.

Just wanted to clarify a point: I know that I could tell my family “get a taxi  please” they are lovely people and I’m glad when they show up for support. 
I just think if you’re visiting someone that is in a bad place, think about going that extra mile. Don’t assume “they would tell me if it’s not ok”, can you spare them any inconvenience? do that (even if they’ve done it dozens of times before) 
Is there a spare room you can usually sleep in? ask them if it’s ok or if you should get a room, etc...
		-- u/invertedBoy, 27930 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK if you enjoy cooking with lots of spices, local Asian/Indian/foreign grocery stores tend to have spices at much lower prices and at greater quantities than traditional grocers that only sell things like McCormick

Why YSK: For $6 I got a large bottle of sesame seeds. The tiny bottle of McCormick is almost $4. The quantity difference might be over 50x the seeds for an extra 2 dollars. They also support local people better than your regional chain.

I used an entire bottle of cumin and other Indian spices for 1 recipe of butter chicken totalling $10-$15 in spices. The Indian store near me sold near gallon sized bags of it for less than $10.

If you like to cook, buy from them and then transfer extras into old glass jars for safe keeping since they don't usually come in resealable bags. It's a great way to save some money and try new fun products.

Edit: by "foreign" I mean anything non chain related in any US city. I'd assume it's the same internationally but cannot confirm.

Edit 2: many people are referencing the "cutting" of spices at stores like that to make them cheaper, I don't know enough about it to give thoughts. There's tests for it out there, Google it for your own knowledge and safety.
		-- u/muhreddistaccounts, 20101 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK if you ever get random email from someone saying they have footage of you looking at adult websites as well as recordings from your webcam and if you don't pay them money (usually Bitcoin), they will send this footage to friends, family and coworkers. Don't panic. This is fake and a scam.

I've had this happen to me just today. The email usually has a subject line of one of your old passwords you used. They say that they have installed malware onto your device and that has got them access to your display and your camera. They also say that the malware has obtained every one of your contacts on social media as well as your email address details. But don't worry, this is all an elaborate scam just to scare you so you send them.money. No one has access to anything other than the password that was used in the subject line, to which is where you should double check if you have used this password on any other websites and immediately change it.
		-- u/WaffleRoflGuy, 23333 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK if you ever lose a valuable metal item like a ring or a set of keys, there is a worldwide organization of volunteer metal detectorists that will come to you and help you find the item

It's a wonderful organization called [Ring Finders](https://theringfinders.com/). They have finders in countries all over the world, and have recovered over 6000 items so far.

Edit: Since the post title cannot be changed, let it be known that not all ring finders are strictly volunteers; some do charge for their services. Also, this is not an ad and I am not affiliated with this organization. I don't even own a metal detector. Jeez.
		-- u/filthy_lucre, 20519 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK if you hang a wet towel outside during the heatwave, it will provide a much needed water source for thirsty bees.

Why YSK bees are our friends and pay us back in kind.
		-- u/Nondescriptish, 15201 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK if you have a dietary requirement, tell the foodbank— we WILL try to accommodate you.

YSK if you have a dietary requirement, tell the foodbank— we WILL try to accommodate you.

This goes for everything. coeliac disease, peanut allergies, halal, vegan, or personal tastes. You don’t like tomatoes? Tell me, I’ll replace it with another tinned fruit/vegetable. Don’t have a cooker? Let me find something you can cook in the microwave. Vegan? I’ll replace the tinned meat with a bag of beans/legumes. 

My job is to feed you as best as i can. If you don’t like what’s in the parcel, I can swap items out so that you’ll eat them. 

You are not a choosing beggar for asking, but please be patient if we can’t fully accommodate your request.

Why YSK: Many working class people are living paycheck to paycheck. If something goes wrong, you may have to visit your local foodbank. It’s important to know that foodbank workers are there for you. Speak up if you’re uncomfortable with your parcel, we just want you to eat. 

Source: I work for a British foodbank.
		-- u/bethita408, 18981 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK if you have a minimum wage job, the employer cannot deduct money from checks for uniforms, missing cash, stolen meals, wrong deliveries, damaged products, etc. You absolutely have to get paid a minimum wage.

Why YSK: It's extremely common for employers to deduct losses from employee's checks if they believe the employee had some responsibility for that loss. In some states this is illegal as well, but overall the employer cannot do this if it means you will earn less than minimum wage.

Some states enacted laws that force employers to pay out triple damages for violations of several wage laws. Most states will fine the company $1000.

https://www.epi.org/publication/employers-steal-billions-from-workers-paychecks-each-year/

Edit: File a complaint. It's free. You should at least need a paystub showing that they deducted money or didn't pay you minimum wage.

https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/faq/workers
		-- u/adimwit, 61889 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK if you have young children that use YouTube (not YT Kids) that many YouTubers have tried to switch platforms and cater to adults, leaving children subscribed to creators that post highly inappropriate content

Jake Paul, for example, has tried to change his audience without changing his subscriber base, meaning millions of children who watch him are getting recommended videos he shoots with porn stars as guests.
		-- u/sorry_squid, 27801 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK if you know someone is going to argue with you and you want to avoid it , just sit near them.

In order to avoid arguing with someone or having them yell at you for whatever reason, just sit next to them when having a discussion.
 For instance if you're at work and you have a meeting and you know there's that one person that will start yelling or disapprove everything you say, sit next to them in the table. Or if you want to avoid getting yelled at from your parents.
The thing is that its difficult for people to yell at someone when they are next to them. They feel awkward and they arent comfortable to exaggerate. 
Whereas if you stand across from them in some distance, it is easier for them to throw a fight.
		-- u/xrima2, 25561 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK if you need to entertain kids during this lockdown, there is an amazing website that does live videos of animals all across the world, in zoo’s, islands and some ocean cams too

[explore.org](https://explore.org/) 

My kids absolutely love it, and there is a free app for Android and Apple too

Edit: Thank you for the gold kind stranger

Edit 2: Few people commenting about the spelling of zoo, I apologize but I cant edit the title
		-- u/The_Bad_Scrub, 24044 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK if you often cough, you might have asthma. Asthma is not just wheezing and tightness of breath. A very common symptom is coughing, usually a dry cough.

Why YSK: Many people are walking around with asthma thinking it’s just a cough. You can get diagnosis and treatment for asthma quickly and easily. I coughed all the time before someone told me to see a respiratory doctor and was given an inhaler that I use that has completely improved my breathing. 

[https://www.healthline.com/health/asthma/asthma-cough#1](https://www.healthline.com/health/asthma/asthma-cough#1)
		-- u/grandlewis, 11964 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK if you own a Samsung galaxy and recieved a find my phone notification 2 hours ago, no one is tracking you, Samsung fucked up and sent it to all galaxy phones.

Panic over

Edit: Wow this blew up! Thank you so much for the awards. I'm glad I could help.

Samsung have since apologised and explained that the message was sent unintentionally during internal testing. You can read all about it here. 

https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-51572775
		-- u/Terror-Error, 52298 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK if you own a Samsung refrigerator with a malfunctioning ice maker, you can get a free replacement

Why YSK: There has been a lot of issues with Samsung’s french door refrigerators and their ice makers. The ice maker will freeze over causing it to no longer make ice until force thawed and ice will melt in the storage holder. 

If you contact Samsung with a model that has this issue, they’ll send a technician to fix it for free even if it’s outside the warranty period.
		-- u/islanders571, 15268 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK if you own a Samsung smart TV that has ads, you can block them by adding ads.samsung.com to your block list on your internet router

Have a Samsung smart TVs with ads that were annoying as hell. Found out they can be blocked and tried it. It worked!

Edit: WOW! This blew up way more than I expected. I had no idea so many people hated their “Smart TVs”. I’m glad this information was useful to everyone!

Also thank you for all the upvotes, awards and comments. Hopefully this becomes common knowledge and people can take back control of their TVs!

Edit 2: another link you can add to your block list is samsungads.com. Combined with the above link you *should* be entirely ad free.

Edit 3: So A TON of people are asking how to block ads on other TV’s/Devices. Ive compiled a few “How To’s” for LG, ROKU and Fire Stick. Hope this helps everyone struggling with these damn ads!

**LG**: To disable LG ads that appear in "My Content" tab, LG store etc. blacklist/block the following domains on your router: 

ngfts.lge.com

us.ad.lgsmartad.com

lgad.cjpowercast.com

edgesuite.net

us.info.lgsmartad.com

**Roku:** If you go into the privacy settings on your Roku TV you can turn these ads off, but it also turns off the more ways to watch feature. To turn this off go to your Settings and select Privacy. There you will find an option to “Use Information From TV Inputs.” Turning that off should disable these pop-up ads. (Not the best but its something)

**Amazon Fire Stick:**
This requires you to download an app but it will work. Go to downloader and search for (~~)amp;amp;amp;lt;strikeamp;amp;amp;gt;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;samp;amp;amp;amp;gt;“http://stop and.io”.——-Click “blocks ads now” and you will be taken to the download page(~~) ——Thanks to u/jtn19120 for the update! (See below)

Go to http://blokada.org via Downloader instead, scroll down, install the latest———That’s it!

Edit 4: Everyone’s router is going to be different when it comes to blocking/blacklisting domains (websites, etc) as far as i know there’s no “one size fits all scenario” BUT there’s hope.

Locate your router and flip it upside down (literally) on the bottom there should be a URL/website you use to login to your router and make changes (this is how you configure your WiFi names, create passwords, etc) within the same settings there should be a “security” tab or something along the lines (Netgear has the security tab under “Advanced”) from there you should see a block sites/block services tab. Click on the block sites tab (Netgear) and type in the domain (the ones I provided) and add them. That’s it. Let me see if i can locate the instructions for more popular routers and I’ll be back!

Edit 5: Ok I think I was able to find a “universal—ish” guide to blocking sites on your router.

1. Open your router's configuration page. If the sites you want to block aren't encrypted, you can usually block them using your router's built-in tools. To access these, open the router's configuration page in a web browser on a computer that's connected to your network. 

Common router addresses include:

Linksys - http://192.168.1.1

D-Link/Netgear - http://192.168.0.1

Belkin - http://192.168.2.1

ASUS - http://192.168.50.1/

ATT U-verse - http://192.168.1.254

Comcast - http://10.0.0.1

**If you have a router that’s not listed, do a quick google search and you will find your router login information**

2. Enter your router's login information. If you never changed this information, enter in the default administrator account information. For many routers, this is usually "admin" or blank for the username, and "admin" or blank for the password. Check your router's documentation if you don't know the default login information. (THIS IS ALSO A GOOD TIME TO SECURE YOUR ROUTER WITH A STRONG USERNAME AND PASSWORD FYI!)

3. Find the "URL Filtering" or "Blocking" section. The location of this will vary depending on your router. You may find this in the "Firewall" menu, or in the "Security" section. (SEARCH AROUND, ITS THERE I PROMISE)

4. Add the URLs that you want to block. Enter each URL that you want to block on your connected devices. (THIS IS WHERE YOU ENTER THE ADDRESS I PROVIDED)

5. Click save and thats it!

Edit 6:

Sony/Android TV ad removal

1- Go into Settings amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Apps 2- Find "Android TV Core Services" 3- Roll back all updates on it (will warn you that you're rolling back to initial version... skip over that... you don't want it.) 4- Return to the Home screen and remove the Sponsored "channel" by clicking far left on the row and using the minus (-) button. 5- Return to Apps in Settings and look for "Android TV Core Services" again. 6- Force Stop it and then DISABLE it.

Edit 7: Here are more Samsung URLs to add to the block list since everyone has a different model Tv 

www.samsungotn.net

www.samsungrm.net

www.samsung.net/ads

Edit 8: OMG this is the 12th most popular post in the WORLD today on Reddit! I can’t believe that over 75k people have enjoyed this information. I am truly amazed and thankful for everyone I was able to help! This is amazing!
		-- u/RogueOps, 94903 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK if you randomly see a dryer sheet in the back of your mailbox, your mail carrier put it there for a reason

Why YSK: it could save your carrier from being stung

Letter Carrier here. 

We’re almost to the month of May which means nice weather, hanging out outside, school closing for the summer, and the return of those dastardly devils: Yellowjackets and Wasps.

I’m sure you’ve noticed. But just in case you haven’t, this time of the year wasps and Yellowjackets (especially Yellowjackets) like to make nests inside of mailboxes. In a lot of places this time of the year, it’s just beginning to warm up outside, but it’s still fairly cold at night. So mailboxes provide nice, easy shelter for them. 

I can’t tell you how many times, especially during this part of the year, where I’ve opened up a box to see a little nest with 3-5 Yellowjackets just chillin. If I’m really unlucky, they will have made their nest at the very back of the box so I wind up sticking my hand in not knowing they are there. We all know how temperamental these little douchebags are and merely existing in their presence is enough to piss them off. Last year alone I was stung 10 times on 10 separate occasions. 

Getting to my point. We’ve found that they hate scented dryer sheets. If we encounter a box that is a problem for nests, we’ll often put one in there and it does the trick.

So please, if you one day randomly see a dryer sheet at the back of your mailbox, just know that your carrier more than likely put it there to deter these Satanic creatures from building their home in it.

Edit: there’s been a lot of good questions in the comments and I’m having a heck of a time replying to them so let me just add an edit.

1. It really doesn’t matter so much what brand you buy, if it’s eco-friendly, or what scent it is. All that matters is that it is scented. The scent seems to be what deters them. So any scented dryer sheet should suffice!

2. This should only be used as a *preventative measure.* I’ve never tried when there’s a huge nest so I have no idea if it would work. I just immediately leave a note on the customer’s door letting them know they need to take care of the nest before I can resume delivering their mail. It would be best to get rid of the large nest and then put a dryer sheet in to keep them from coming back.

3. As far as when to replace them, just check it periodically to see if the scent is still strong or if it has faded. The scent, once again, is what drives them away. So if the scent isn’t as strong or it has completely faded, it’s time to replace it.
		-- u/istrx13, 59706 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK if you see corn for sale and the ends of it are red/pink don’t buy it. The corn will taste really sour and that shit is mould.

Just saw some being sold on special at the shops. Yuck.
		-- u/acres_at_ruin, 23949 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK if you're signing up for the Disney+/Hulu/ESPN bundle, you should sign up for the ad-free plan on Hulu first, because if you don't, you will be stuck with the ad-supported plan.

I found out about it here:

https://thestreamable.com/news/how-to-get-disney-plus-bundle-with-hulu-no-ads-and-hulu-live-tv

I'm really mad because I was under the impression all of the bundles would be ad-free and didn't require any special tricks or jumping through hoops.
		-- u/yomjoseki, 16777 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK if you're thinking about hoarding toilet paper, get a bidet attachment for your toilet seat instead. It's cleaner, costs less and it's much more environmentally friendly/sustainable.

Actually, just get one no matter what. I was sceptical at first too, but it's so worth it. They're cheap and easy to install and you'll wonder why you waited so long to have a clean butt.

And because manufacturing toilet paper uses so much water, it actually uses less water to have a bidet instead.

[Michael Che loves them too](https://youtu.be/tyKgETz_n8I)
		-- u/Assume_Utopia, 32202 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK if you're used to getting a deal from a place from a couple employees, that doesn't mean you are entitled to said deal from everyone. And by saying you are used to getting said deal to a manager, you are screwing over the employees who have been hooking you up.

And you won't get your deal from those employees anymore, and you could very well be jeopardizing their employment there, so just keep your mouth shut and be happy with what you get.
		-- u/huffr, 39060 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK if you're using a mask with glasses, applying a few drops of dish soap to the inside of your lens and rubbing with a cloth, will keep you fog free for 7 hours ish.

YSK if you're using a mask with glasses, applying a few drops of dish soap to the inside of your lens and rubbing with a cloth, will keep you fog free for 7 hours ish.
		-- u/Tinshnipz, 37355 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK if you're using your car's Bluetooth, everyone outside can hear your phone call

Why YSK: you probably don't want people listening in on sensitive calls, especially if you're taking them in your car to keep it private.

I don't know why but the speaker in your car when on the phone is extremely loud. I feel like it's a weekly basis now where I walk by parked cars on phone calls about various things, one of which including a call from a person's doctor.
		-- u/AdamNW, 14370 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK if your car blinker is blinking twice as fast as usual, it means a blinker on that side is out.

Save yourself the ticket and go get that bulb changed!
		-- u/skepticallincoln, 29259 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK if your car's blinker starts blinking more quickly than usual you need to check your bulbs. One of them is likely not working.

My wife casually mentioned that her left blinker was blinking at double speed and it was bugging her. I went to check her car, and the left rear blinker was completely blown. 

Most modern cars will do this to alert the driver that one of the bulbs isn't working correctly.

*Edit:* I agree everyone should already know this, but I’ve talked to enough people lately who didn’t know - particularly my 17  18 year old students - that I though t warranted a YSK. Also, in full disclosure, I didn’t know this until I was in my 30s. 

I also had no idea that it was an unintentional “feature” created when one bulb dies his decreasing the resistance in the circuit (did I say that right?). Thanks for everyone educating me a little more.

*edit 2:* I’m out of the loop...what the hell are muffler bearings?
		-- u/CranialFlatulence, 14109 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK if your wipers are on, your headlights should be on too.

If you are driving and it’s rainy enough to use your windshield wipers, you should make sure your vehicle’s headlights are on too.

It’s not just about how well you can see, but how well others can see you.

And if someone flashes their brights at you, they could be trying to tell you to check your lights.

**This the law in some US states** but not everywhere. It’s still the safe thing to do. [https://drivinglaws.aaa.com/tag/headlight-use/](https://drivinglaws.aaa.com/tag/headlight-use/)

Edit: some people have mentioned this in the comments but in case you missed it, day/running lights on a car do NOT turn on your tail lights. You need to turn on the full head lights on your vehicle if it isn’t already automatic for you for better visibility from both the front and back!

Edit #2: Added bolding to the part several comments are repeating
		-- u/[deleted], 19880 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK if you’re epileptic that Incredibles 2 contains around 10 minutes of flashing lights

I understand you probably avoid going to watch a movie in a dark room but this movie has flashing lights as a consistent plot point. 
edit: This is also relevant to those who have migraines.
		-- u/Redjay12, 15288 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK if you’re paying TurboTax to file your taxes, don’t choose to have it deducted from your refund

Why YSK: TurboTax claims to be totally free, but charges you for claiming additional credits or deductions on your returns each year. 

I just finished my taxes and paid $80 on the deluxe version so I could claim an education credit. 

At some point, TurboTax gives you the option to deduct that charge from your federal refund, rather than paying out of pocket.

DO NOT DO THAT. 

They charge you an additional $40 service fee on top of what you already paid for the service charge. Save yourself the money and just pay up front with a debit or credit card. $40 may not seem like much, but it’s $40 more you’ll get back on your return!

Edit: after doing some research, honestly just stay away from TurboTax all together. There’s plenty of other ways to file your taxes for cheaper or even free, and it’s definitely worth the extra effort if it means more money back
		-- u/vilify97, 22855 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK in the US, "At-will employment" is misconstrued by employers to mean they can fire you for any reason or no reason. This is false and all employees have legal protections against retaliatory firings.

Why YSK: This is becoming a common tactic among employers to hide behind the "At-will employment" nonsense to justify firings. In reality, At-will employment simply means that your employment is not conditional unless specifically stated in a contract. So if an employer fires you, it means they aren't obligated to pay severance or adhere to other implied conditions of employment.

It's illegal for employers to tell you that you don't have labor rights. The NLRB has been fining employers who distribute memos, handbooks, and work orientation materials that tell workers at-will employment means workers don't have legal protections.

https://www.natlawreview.com/article/labor-law-nlrb-finds-standard-will-employment-provisions-unlawful

Edit:

&gt;Section 8(a)(1) of the Act makes it an unfair labor practice for an employer "to interfere with, restrain, or coerce employees in the exercise of the rights guaranteed in Section 7" of the Act.

Employers will create policies prohibiting workers from discussing wages, unions, or work conditions. In order for the workers to know about these policies, the employers will distribute it in emails, signage, handbooks, memos, texts. All of these mediums can be reported to the NLRB showing that the employers enacted illegal policies and that they intended to fire people for engaging in protected concerted activities. If someone is fired for discussing unions, wages, work conditions, these same policies can be used to show the employer had designed these rules to fire any worker for illegal reasons.

Employers will then try to hide behind At-will employment, but that doesn't anull the worker's rights to discuss wages, unions, conditions, etc., so the employer has no case.
		-- u/adimwit, 34880 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK instead of trying to find the silver lining in a bad situation for a friend or constantly offering advice, shutting up and listening can help someone much more.

Being there for someone to vent and just get out their emotions can be much more helpful than trying to fix it. Usually that person will make it clear if they want advice. And more often than not a person will feel better just having someone there to listen patiently and attentively. Especially for someone going through grief. Everyone deals with their problems differently but sometimes all you need to do is be present in mind for them.
		-- u/zAceGunnerz, 12878 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK it is perfectly legal to make you wear a mask, Jacobson v Mass 1905

https://www.acslaw.org/expertforum/face-covering-requirements-and-the-constitution/

Edit: I didn’t use any dialogue in my post because this is a court ruling, not my opinion.
		-- u/[deleted], 48289 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK it's better not to make your bed when you leave the hotel/motel room you stayed at

Why YSK: basically it makes the housekeepers job easier and it makes your job easier too. When people make their beds when they leave, we have to strip them anyways and its easier when the linen is just in a pile rather than on the bed. It also makes it so we don't have to deal with as much uncertainty when pulling back the covers
		-- u/janegayz, 18209 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK it's free to download the entirety of Wikipedia and it's only 100GB

Why YSK : because if there's ever a cyber attack, or future government censors the internet, or you're on a plane or a boat or camping with no internet, you can still access like the entirety of human knowledge.

The full English Wikipedia is about 6 million pages including images and is less than 100GB.
Wikipedia themselves [support this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Database_download) and there's a variety of tools and torrents available to download compressed version. You can even [download the entire dump to a flash drive](https://planetofthepaul.com/wikipedia-download-usb-flash/) as long as it's ex-fat format.

The same software (Kiwix) that let's you download Wikipedia also lets you save other wiki type sites, so you can save other medical guides, travel guides, or anything you think you might need.
		-- u/NeverOutOfMoves, 25948 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK it’s appropriate to call 911 for large debris in the middle of a freeway or busy road.

Why YSK: it can save a life. 

I posted this on LPT, but it got removed. Fair enough, I guess this is more of a PSA. 

If you are driving and see something dangerous in the freeway, its a very valid reason to dial 911. 

A lot of people think there needs to be massive bleeding or an immense threat to warrant calling 911. But dangerous debris on a freeway *is* a deadly situation. Especially with how bad distracted drivers are these days. 

Even just a tire/wheel, for example, can cause a vehicle to flip. 

I’ve seen a 6x6 piece of lumber laying across an entire lane. Wasn’t easy to see and can cause a massive accident. Yesterday I saw a ladder laying across an entire lane. From far back it looked like something you could just drive over. But an extension ladder is definitely not something you can drive over. Im sure you’ve all seen crazy things in the road.

Calling it in literally takes about 10-15 seconds:

- “What is your emergency”
- “Debris in the freeway”
- “What is your location”
- “interstate X southbound, just before the XX exit.”
- “what is your name and phone number?”
- “[name] [number]”
- “thank you”
- *click*

You may be the only one to call it in, and it could save someone else from a terrible wreck. It could save a life.

Also, there is no need to elaborate any of the information. 911 dispatcher’s time is very valuable. Keeping it simple is easier for the dispatcher. No need to diatribe or qualify your call. “Im not sure if this is even an emergency” “i was just driving to blah blah and I saw xyz, I had to swerve, etc etc” … leave out comments like that. You’re already on the phone. They dont care where you are going, or what your opinions are about the object. Just give then the relevant facts they need to find and address the situation. Being as precise as possible with location and simply saying “there is a huge [mattress] in lane 3” is all they need to pass the emergency along to appropriate authorities.

EDIT: A few of you have relayed bad experiences when calling 911 for road obstructions. Rude dispatchers who tell them “call someone else”. But it should be noted the overwhelming amount of people on this thread who report being personally thanked by 911 dispatch for reporting dangerous road obstructions. 

It also should be noted the hundreds of examples below of people who have been in or almost been in terrible accidents from swerving around or hitting objects.

Of course, if there is a bumper or tire on the *shoulder* of a freeway, this is probably not a 911 call. This would be a non-emergency. Its still good to report stuff like this to a non-emergency line so it can be cleared from the shoulder. It likely doesn’t need immediate dispatch though. 

A mattress in the center lane of a 5 lane freeway on the other-hand, is a terribly dangerous situation. 

There is always a level of judgement to be executed when calling 911. Of course, their time is valuable.
		-- u/[deleted], 10617 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK it’s extremely easy to learn the sign language alphabet allowing you to spell out and communicate whatever you want to deaf people

This may not be the most effective way of communicating but it beats no communication. My friends parents are deaf and they definitely appreciated me learning it.
		-- u/KevReynolds314, 18343 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK it’s important to check if any of your email addresses and password combos have been leaked.

Use [Have I Been Pwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com)

I had my Zynga Games account user and password leaked. These details are sold in masses of personal data on the black market/dark web. Some hackers will try their luck using your details on various sites to gain access.

My Netflix and Fitbit both used the same user and password as my Zynga account. Hackers gained entry.

Once in, they may be able to lock you out by changing email addresses and passwords if the accounts aren’t very secure. Even more worrying if they’re able to access bank account details on these sites.

Check you have [strong passwords](https://howsecureismypassword.net)

Have a different password for every account.

EDIT: for the skeptics among us; HaveIBeenPwned seems to be a trustworthy source owned by the Password1 team according to some users; The password checker is a tool not a search function. Have a play with it using random words/letters. It’s more to help you understand what makes a strong password.
		-- u/shadow_donkey1, 12330 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK many Companies Are Offering Free Services And/Or Waiving Fees Due to the quarantine. Here’s a Full List

 

**Phone and Internet:**

* Free Access to Spectrum Broadband and Wi-Fi Internet **Free** For 60 Days for households with students
* Charter will offer free Spectrum broadband and Wi-Fi access for 60 days to households with K-12 and/or college students who do not already have a Spectrum broadband subscription and at any service level up to 100 Mbps. To enroll call 1-844-488-8395. Installation fees will be waived for new student households.
* **T-Mobile  Metro Active Customers:** All current T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile customers who have plans with data will have unlimited smartphone data for the next 60 days (excluding roaming). [**here**](https://www.t-mobile.com/news/t-mobile-update-on-covid-19-response?) is more details
* **T-Mobile** is offering all current customers unlimited data and waiving late fees for next 30-60 days
* **Mint Mobile:** New and existing customers can get Unlimited 4G LTE Data for free. [**Click here**](https://www.mintmobile.com/unlimited/?) for more details
* **ATT:** ATT is suspending broadband data caps for home internet customers. You can read more [**here**](https://www.theverge.com/2020/3/12/21177538/att-broadband-internet-data-cap-coronavirus-suspend). They’re also waiving late fees for next 30-60 days. They’ll also provide free access to its public WiFi hot spots.
* **Sprint** is offering unlimited data for all users and waiving late fees for next 30-60 days
* **Verizon:** Verizon will waive late fees and keep residential and small business customers connected if negatively impacted by global crisis. More [**here**](https://www.verizon.com/about/news/verizon-help-customers-and-small-businesses)
* **Comcast/Xfinity:** Comcast opens Xfinity WiFi Network Nationally for Free and Offers Unlimited Data for Free.[ **Click here**](https://corporate.comcast.com/covid-19) for more details
* **Enterprise** will waive underage fees for college students age 18-24. [**here**](https://www.enterprise.com/en/car-rental/deals/young-driver.html) is more details

**Major Domestic Airlines:**

* **Southwest:** They always offer free flight changes so nothing changes for them. Any difference in fare will apply.
* **JetBlue:** JetBlue has suspended change and cancel fees for all new flight bookings made between March 6, 2020 and March 31, 2020 for travel through September 8, 2020. The change/cancel fees suspension still applies for bookings made between February 27, 2020 and March 5, 2020 for travel through June 1, 2020.
* **Delta:** No Change Fees For All Tickets Purchased Between March 1 to 31, 2020. Ticket Can Be Changed One-Time To An Alternate Itinerary. Must Be Re-issued On/Before: February 28, 2021. Any difference in fare will apply.
* **American Airlines:** American Airlines will waive the change fee only on published Non-Refundable Fare tickets. Tickets must be purchased between March 1, 2020 and March 31, 2020, with original travel between March 1, 2020 and January 30, 2021. Changes must be made prior to the departure of your original flight. Any difference in fare will apply.
*  **United:** When you book a flight between March 3 and March 31, 2020, you can change it for free over the next 12 months. Any difference in fare will apply.

**Fitness:**

* **Planet Fitness** is offering Free in-home workouts for everyone. Workouts will be led by trainers and surprise celebrity guests. If you miss the live class, you can come back and watch it later.
* **Peleton** is offering an extended 90-day free trial to its at-home workouts application during the quarantine. The in-app workouts don’t require you own any Peloton equipment, and include yoga, HIIT, stretching, and other categories. Download the Peleton app for free in the App Store or Play Store.

**Credit Cards/Finance:**

* **Apple Card** holders will be allowed to skip their March payment without incurring interest by signing up for a Customer Assistance Program, Apple is informing its customers. To join the Customer Assistance Program, Apple Card customers can call an Apple support rep directly through the Apple Wallet app and ask to be added. [**Click here**](https://techcrunch.com/2020/03/16/you-can-ask-to-skip-your-apple-card-payment-for-march-apple-tells-customers/) for more details
* · **American Express** will waive 2 months of payments without charging penalties or interest. However, if you use this benefit, you won’t be able to use that credit card or points until you opt out. [**Click here**](https://www.americanexpress.com/us/customer-service/financial-hardship.html) for more info or to sign up for their hardship program
* · [ **Chase**](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/coronavirus?jp_cmp=rb/CV/off/stayconnected/na)**, and other banks will offer 60 days of no late fees or interest for those impacted by the quarantine, call your bank to find out if you are eligible and what terms will apply.**
* · Some leasing companies are offering to push off payments for 1 to 3 months. In return, they’ll extend your lease by that amount of time and have you pay regular payments then, essentially giving you an extra 1 to 3 months for free. Your max miles for the lease though will remain the same. Contact your auto see what they’re offering.
* · [ Chevrolet, Buick, GMC and Cadillac owners get free On-Star and free in vehicle internet](https://www.onstar.com/us/en/onstar-cares/)
* · Many states (New York included) and mortgage companies are offering 1 to 6 months of no mortgage payment requirements. Contact your mortgage provider to see what they’re offering and if you qualify.

**Food / Misc:**

* **Uber Eats** will waive delivery fees on all orders amid the quarantine. Service charges will still apply though. More info [**here**](https://www.cnet.com/news/uber-eats-waives-delivery-fees-amid-coronavirus-outbreak/)
* **Starbucks** will give a free tall hot or iced brewed coffee to anyone that identifies themselves as a front line responder from today through May 3rd
* Crocs will be giving out 10,000 pairs of their shoes for FREE starting 3/26 12pm EST to healthcare workers. [here ](https://crocs-us.xkpq.net/G9V0B)is more info
* · **Airbnb** is offering [**free cancellations**](https://news.airbnb.com/extenuating-circumstances-policy-activated-around-the-world/) on most reservations
* · **CVS and Walgreens:** Both CVS and Walgreens will [**waive charges for home delivery**](https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2020/03/12/walgreens-joins-cvs-waiving-drug-delivery-fees-amid-coronavirus-crisis/#7e3d647e51e3) of prescription medicines
* · **Zoom Video** is offering [**free video conferences for schools**](https://zoom.us/docs/ent/school-verification.html).

**News Publications that are removing their paywalls:**

* · [ **The New York Times**](https://www.nytimes.com/news-event/coronavirus)
* · [ **Wall Street Journal**](https://www.wsj.com/news/collection/coronavirus0312-256f2943)
* · [ **The Washington Post**](https://www.washingtonpost.com/coronavirus/)
* · [ **The Los Angeles Times**](https://www.latimes.com/california/liveblog/coronavirus-live-updates)
* · [ **The Guardian**](https://www.theguardian.com/world/coronavirus-outbreak)
* · [ **AP News**](https://apnews.com/)
* · [ **The Athletic**](https://theathletic.com/1669234/2020/03/16/covid-19-and-sports-latest-news-and-information-updated/)

**Master List of Educational and Fun Resources**

* · Scholastic has setup a “learn from home” website which will offer **free** daily courses for kids stuck at home because of school cancellations. You can [**click here**](https://classroommagazines.scholastic.com/support/learnathome.html) for more info or to sign up.
* · Free [**Early Learning Academy for Kids**](https://www.abcmouse.com/Redeem) from Pre-K to 2nd Grade. Use Promo Code: **SCHOOL7771 or AOFLUNICEF**
* · Free Access to[ **Reading IQ for Kids**](https://www.readingiq.com/redeem/) in Preschool through 6th Grade. Use Promo Code: **SCHOOL7771 or AOFLUNICEF**
* · Free Access to [**Academic Adventures for Kids**](https://www.adventureacademy.com/redeem/) in 3rd grade thru 8th grade. Use Promo Code: **SCHOOL7771 or AOFLUNICEF**
* · **Prodigy Math** has free video game style math learning and questions. [**Click here**](https://www.prodigygame.com/)
* · [ **Free access**](https://go.brainpop.com/COVID19) for 30 days that will be extended as long as schools are still closed
* · Hundreds of printable educational worksheets for free. [**Click here**](https://www.worksheetfun.com/)
* · The San Diego Zoo has a website just for kids with amazing videos, activities, and games. Enjoy the tour! [https://kids.sandiegozoo.org/](https://kids.sandiegozoo.org/)
* · Tour Yellowstone National Park! [https://www.nps.gov/yell/learn/photosmultimedia/virtualtours.htm](https://www.nps.gov/yell/learn/photosmultimedia/virtualtours.htm)
* · Explore the surface of Mars on the Curiosity Rover. [https://accessmars.withgoogle.com/](https://accessmars.withgoogle.com/)
* · This Canadian site FarmFood 360 offers 11 Virtual Tours of farms from minks, pigs, and cows, to apples and eggs. [https://www.farmfood360.ca/](https://www.farmfood360.ca/)
* · Indoor Activities for busy toddlers [https://busytoddler.com/2020/03/indoor-activities/](https://busytoddler.com/2020/03/indoor-activities/)
* · Play games and learn all about animals [https://switchzoo.com/](https://switchzoo.com/)
* · Play with fave show characters and learn too [https://pbskids.org/](https://pbskids.org/)
* · Travel to Paris, France to see amazing works of art at The Louvre with this virtual field trip. [https://www.louvre.fr/en/visites-en-ligne](https://www.louvre.fr/en/visites-en-ligne)
* · This Virtual Tour of the Great Wall of China is beautiful and makes history come to life. [https://www.thechinaguide.com/destination/great-wall-of-china](https://www.thechinaguide.com/destination/great-wall-of-china)
* · Math and Reading games [https://www.funbrain.com/](https://www.funbrain.com/)
* · Phonics skills [https://www.starfall.com/h/](https://www.starfall.com/h/)
* · Read, play games, and hang out with Dr. Seuss [https://www.seussville.com/](https://www.seussville.com/)
* · 300,000+ FREE printable worksheets from toddlers to teens [https://www.123homeschool4me.com/home-school-free-printables/](https://www.123homeschool4me.com/home-school-free-printables/)
* · Geography and animals [https://kids.nationalgeographic.com/](https://kids.nationalgeographic.com/)
* · Math practice from counting to algebra and geometry [http://www.mathscore.com/](http://www.mathscore.com/)
* · Fave kids books read by famous people [https://www.storylineonline.net/](https://www.storylineonline.net/)
* · Crafts, activities, mazes, dot to dot, etc, [https://www.allkidsnetwork.com/](https://www.allkidsnetwork.com/)
* · High school chemistry topics [https://www.acs.org/content/acs/en/education/resources/highschool/chemmatters/articles-by-topic.html](https://www.acs.org/content/acs/en/education/resources/highschool/chemmatters/articles-by-topic.html)
* · Math and reading games [https://www.abcya.com/](https://www.abcya.com/)
* · Math and language games [https://www.arcademics.com/](https://www.arcademics.com/)
* · Hands on Elem science videos [https://www.backpacksciences.com/science-simplified](https://www.backpacksciences.com/science-simplified)
* · Voice based learning… learn through Alexa [https://bamboolearning.com/resources](https://bamboolearning.com/resources)
* · Fun games, recipes, crafts, activities [https://www.highlightskids.com/](https://www.highlightskids.com/)
* · ClickSchooling brings you daily recommendations by email for entertaining websites that help your kids learn. [https://clickschooling.com/](https://clickschooling.com/)
* · Math as a fun part of your daily family routine [http://bedtimemath.org/](http://bedtimemath.org/)
* · Games to get “into the book” [https://reading.ecb.org/](https://reading.ecb.org/)
* · Online history classes for all ages preteen through adults [https://school.bighistoryproject.com/bhplive](https://school.bighistoryproject.com/bhplive)
* · Biology [https://www.biologysimulations.com/](https://www.biologysimulations.com/)
* · Elem Math through 6th grade [https://boddlelearning.com/](https://boddlelearning.com/)
* · Educational games K-12 [https://www.breakoutedu.com/funathome](https://www.breakoutedu.com/funathome)
* · Digital archive of history [https://www.bunkhistory.org/](https://www.bunkhistory.org/)
* · Test Prep for SAT, ACT, etc. [https://www.bwseducationconsulting.com/handouts.php](https://www.bwseducationconsulting.com/handouts.php)
* · Geometry [https://www.canfigureit.com/](https://www.canfigureit.com/)
* · Resources for Spanish practice [https://www.difusion.com/campus/](https://www.difusion.com/campus/)
* · Music is for everyone [https://musiclab.chromeexperiments.com/Experiments](https://musiclab.chromeexperiments.com/Experiments)
* · Science, Math, Social Studies [https://www.ck12.org/student/](https://www.ck12.org/student/)
* · Grammar practice for middle grades [https://www.classroomcereal.com/](https://www.classroomcereal.com/)
* · Daily free science or cooking experiment to do at home.[http://www.clubscikidzmd.com/blog/](http://www.clubscikidzmd.com/blog/)
* · Chemistry [https://www.playmadagames.com/](https://www.playmadagames.com/)
* · Reading passages for grades 3-12, with reading comprehension and discussion questions. [https://www.commonlit.org/](https://www.commonlit.org/)
* · Vocabulary, grammar, listening activities and games in Spanish, French, Italian, German, Portuguese, Korean, and Latin. [https://conjuguemos.com/](https://conjuguemos.com/)
* · 35,000 pages of online content on the cultures and countries of the world. [https://www.countryreports.org/](https://www.countryreports.org/)
* · K-5th Science lessons [https://mysteryscience.com/](https://mysteryscience.com/)
* · Tons of free classes from leading universities and companies [https://www.coursera.org/](https://www.coursera.org/)
* · Free printable K-8 Reading and Math activity packs (available in English and Spanish) [https://www.curriculumassociates.com/supporting-students-away-from-school](https://www.curriculumassociates.com/supporting-students-away-from-school)
* · Digital learning content for preschool through high school [https://www.curriki.org/](https://www.curriki.org/)
* · A wide range of math content from middle school through AP Calculus. [https://deltamath.com/overview](https://deltamath.com/overview)
* · Day-by-day projects to keep kids reading, thinking, and growing. [https://classroommagazines.scholastic.com/support/learnathome.html](https://classroommagazines.scholastic.com/support/learnathome.html)
* · 3 Free Weeks of Maker Stations to keep your children creating at home! Each challenge includes simple instructions using materials around the house, QR code video resources, and a student recording sheet. bit.ly/freemakerstations
* · Classes for older teens or adults [https://www.thegreatcoursesplus.com/lp/t1/freemo](https://www.thegreatcoursesplus.com/lp/t1/freemo)
* · Online homeschool platform  curriculum for Pre-K to 12th grade. All main subjects are covered, plus extra curriculum courses. [http://discoveryk12.com/dk12/](http://discoveryk12.com/dk12/)
* · Printable board games, activities and more for phonics and reading all using evidence-based methods. Can be customized to any student’s needs including creating flashcards for other subjects. [https://dogonalogbooks.com/printables/](https://dogonalogbooks.com/printables/)
* · K-8 online math program that looks at how a student is solving problems to adjust accordingly and build a unique learning path for them. [https://www.dreambox.com/at-home](https://www.dreambox.com/at-home)
* · Engaging reading game for grades 2-8 that combines strategy, engagement, and imaginative reading passages to create a fun, curriculum-aligned literacy game. [https://www.squigglepark.com/dreamscape/](https://www.squigglepark.com/dreamscape/)
* · Higher level math series… online video series with detailed solutions to more than a thousand publicly-released College Board SAT Math, Subject Test Math Level 1, and Subject Test Math Level 2 problems.[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbQoCpvYRYRkRRvsObOPHaA?reload=9](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbQoCpvYRYRkRRvsObOPHaA?reload=9)
* · Foreign languages [https://www.duolingo.com/](https://www.duolingo.com/)
* · Interactive video earth science based curriculum supplement. [https://www.everyday-earth.com/](https://www.everyday-earth.com/)
* · A safe research site for elementary-level readers. They are offering — free 24/7 access
* · Username: read
* · Password: read
* · [ https://www.facts4me.com/](https://www.facts4me.com/)
* · Resources for AP students including live reviews, live trivia, and study guides! [https://app.fiveable.me/](https://app.fiveable.me/)
* · Educational brain breaks to help students review essential literacy and math skills, while getting in some exercise. Find over 900 videos to help your child keep learning at home and burn off some extra energy. Our site is best used for ages 4-8. [https://fluencyandfitness.com/register/school-closures/](https://fluencyandfitness.com/register/school-closures/)
* · Movement and mindfulness videos created by child development experts. [https://www.gonoodle.com/](https://www.gonoodle.com/)
* · 7,000 free videos in 13 subject areas [https://hippocampus.org/](https://hippocampus.org/)
* · Carmen Sandiego videos, stories, and lessons for all subject areas [https://www.carmensandiego.com/resources/](https://www.carmensandiego.com/resources/)
* · Math Videos with lessons, real life uses of math, famous actors [https://www.hmhco.com/math-at-work](https://www.hmhco.com/math-at-work)
* · Entertaining  educational videos for all levels and subjects [https://www.izzit.org/index.php](https://www.izzit.org/index.php)
* · Online education program for toddler through high school… [https://www.khanacademy.org/](https://www.khanacademy.org/)
* · Free Printables for PreK-2nd Grade [https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Literacy-With-The-Littles/Price-Range/Free](https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Literacy-With-The-Littles/Price-Range/Free)
* · Free printables library with activities for children 0-6 [https://www.littlesparkcompany.com/printables-library](https://www.littlesparkcompany.com/printables-library)
* · Free at-home kids yoga lesson plans [https://littletwistersyoga.com/online-store/](https://littletwistersyoga.com/online-store/)
* · Magic Spell is a carefully crafted spelling adventure. [https://brainbox.games/](https://brainbox.games/)
* · Resources for AP students [https://marcolearning.com/](https://marcolearning.com/)
* · Enter your math problem or search term, press the button, and they show you the step-by-step work and answer instantly. 2nd grade through college. [https://www.mathcelebrity.com/online-math-tutor.php](https://www.mathcelebrity.com/online-math-tutor.php)
* · Elem Math games, logic puzzles and educational resources [https://www.mathplayground.com/](https://www.mathplayground.com/)
* · Poetry and music [https://www.thewell.world/mindful-music/mindful-poetry-moments](https://www.thewell.world/mindful-music/mindful-poetry-moments)
* · 3D printing projects and Coding projects, involving math and other K-12 subjects [https://www.instructables.com/member/EdgertonCenter/instructables/](https://www.instructables.com/member/EdgertonCenter/instructables/)
* · Introductory and intermediate music theory lessons, exercises, ear trainers, and calculators. [https://www.musictheory.net/](https://www.musictheory.net/)
* · Scads of free resources, games, learning resources, and lesson plans for teaching personal finance [https://www.ngpf.org/](https://www.ngpf.org/)
* · Improve your typing skills while competing in fast-paced races with up to 5 typers from around the world. [https://www.nitrotype.com/](https://www.nitrotype.com/)
* · Illustrated recipes designed to help kids age 2-12 cook with their grown-ups. Recipes encourage culinary skills, literacy, math, and science. [https://www.nomsterchef.com/nomster-recipe-library](https://www.nomsterchef.com/nomster-recipe-library)
* · Online curriculum that builds better writers. [https://www.noredink.com/](https://www.noredink.com/)
* · 80+ do at home science activities [https://elementalscience.com/blogs/news/80-free-science-activities](https://elementalscience.com/blogs/news/80-free-science-activities)
* · Daily lessons and educational activities that kids can do on their own [https://www.superchargedschool.com/](https://www.superchargedschool.com/)
* · Adaptive curriculum in Math and ELA for Grades K-8
* · [ https://www.scootpad.com/](https://www.scootpad.com/)
* · Novel Effect makes storytime a little more fun for kids (and grown-ups too!) As you read out loud from print books (or ebooks!) music, sound effects, and character voices play at just the right moment, adjusting and responding to your voice. [https://noveleffect.com/](https://noveleffect.com/)
* · Quick  easy at home projects curated for kids 2 and up
* · [ https://www.kiwico.com/kids-at-home](https://www.kiwico.com/kids-at-home)
* · Teaches students how to write a paragraph through interactive online tutorial [http://www.paragraphpunch.com/](http://www.paragraphpunch.com/)
* · PreK-12 digital media service with more than 30,000 learning materials [https://www.pbslearningmedia.org/](https://www.pbslearningmedia.org/)
* · Curricular content hub specifically designed for K-3 students.
* · [ https://pebblego.com/free-pebblego-capstone-interactive-access-school-closures](https://pebblego.com/free-pebblego-capstone-interactive-access-school-closures)
* · Science and math labs and simulations [https://phet.colorado.edu/](https://phet.colorado.edu/)
* · An online physics problem and video bank designed for conceptual, standard, honors or AP1 physics. [https://www.positivephysics.org/home](https://www.positivephysics.org/home)
* · Prodigies is a colorful music curriculum for kids 1-12 that will teach your kids how to play their first instrument, how to sing in tune  how to understand the language of music! 21 for free [https://prodigiesmusic.com/](https://prodigiesmusic.com/)
* · Free videos from around the world from grade 3-12 [https://www.projectexplorer.org/](https://www.projectexplorer.org/)
* · QuaverMusic is offering free access to general music activities to all impacted schools, including free student access at-home [https://www.quavermusic.com/info/at-home-resources/](https://www.quavermusic.com/info/at-home-resources/)
* · For students to practice and master whatever they are learning. [https://quizlet.com/](https://quizlet.com/)
* · ReadWorks is an online resource of reading passages and lesson plans for students of all levels K-12. [https://www.readworks.org/](https://www.readworks.org/)
* · Critical Thinking resources for K-6 students [https://marketplace.mythinkscape.com/store/redtkids](https://marketplace.mythinkscape.com/store/redtkids)
* · Science simulations, scientist profiles, and other digital resources for middle school science and high school biology [https://sepuplhs.org/](https://sepuplhs.org/)
* · The Shurley English program for grades K-8 provides a clear, logical, and concrete approach to language arts. [https://www.shurley.com/](https://www.shurley.com/)
* · Sight reading and sight singing practice exercises. [https://www.sightreadingfactory.com/](https://www.sightreadingfactory.com/)
* · Music practice transformed [https://www.smartmusic.com/](https://www.smartmusic.com/)
* · Spellingcity is free right now with code VSCFree90 [https://www.spellingcity.com/](https://www.spellingcity.com/)
* · Kid-friendly workouts — choose from Strength for Kids, Agility for Kids, Flexibility and Balance for Kids, Warm-Up for Kids, Cooldown for Kids, Stand Up and Move for Kids, OR create your own custom kid workout. [https://app.sworkit.com/collections/kids-workouts](https://app.sworkit.com/collections/kids-workouts)
* · A collection of hundreds of free K-12 STEM resources, from standalone models and simulations to short activities and week long sequences of curriculum materials. [https://learn.concord.org/](https://learn.concord.org/)
* · Course sets (Levels 1–5) that combine and thoroughly cover phonics, reading, writing, spelling, literature, grammar, punctuation, art, and geography—all in one easy-to-use, beautiful course. [https://www.goodandbeautiful.com/](https://www.goodandbeautiful.com/)
* · At home OT, PT, and ST resources designed to build skills in children through movement and play. [https://www.theottoolbox.com/](https://www.theottoolbox.com/)
* · Science projects that can be completed with or without Internet access [https://sciencespot.net/Pages/classhome.html](https://sciencespot.net/Pages/classhome.html)
* · Keyboarding practice [https://www.typingclub.com/](https://www.typingclub.com/) or [https://www.typing.com/](https://www.typing.com/)
* · Next Generation Science video game focused on middle school where students directly engage in science phenomena as they solve problems. [https://www.tytoonline.com/](https://www.tytoonline.com/)
* · Short videos and readings that answer various burning questions for students. There are vocabulary challenges and comprehension questions. [http://wonderopolis.org/](http://wonderopolis.org/)
* · Math practice [https://xtramath.org/#/home/index](https://xtramath.org/#/home/index)
* · K-5 curriculum that builds deep understanding and a love of learning math for all students [https://www.zearn.org/](https://www.zearn.org/)
* · A quick start resource to help families pull together a plan for surviving the next 1-2 months at home with their kids, but it can also be a time of slowing down and enjoying kids as they learn.
* · Preschool through 8th grade [https://abetterwaytohomeschool.com/learning-at-home-everything-you-need-in-one-place.html](https://abetterwaytohomeschool.com/learning-at-home-everything-you-need-in-one-place.html)
* · Spelling 1-4 grade [https://www.spellingtraining.com/](https://www.spellingtraining.com/)
* · 2,500+ online courses from top institutions [https://www.edx.org/](https://www.edx.org/)
* · 22 languages to learn [https://www.memrise.com/](https://www.memrise.com/)
* · Miscellaneous games for all subjects k-8 [https://www.funbrain.com/](https://www.funbrain.com/)
* · Phonics and learning to read [https://readingeggs.com/](https://readingeggs.com/)
* · PreK – 5 games for all subjects [https://www.turtlediary.com/](https://www.turtlediary.com/)
* · Online digital coloring pages [https://www.thecolor.com/](https://www.thecolor.com/)
* · Every course you could possibly want to homeschool preschool – 8 [https://allinonehomeschool.com/](https://allinonehomeschool.com/)
* · Every course you could possibly want to homeschool for high school [https://allinonehighschool.com/](https://allinonehighschool.com/)
* · Phonics worksheets for kids [https://www.funfonix.com/](https://www.funfonix.com/)
* · Free stories online ages 3-12 [https://www.freechildrenstories.com/](https://www.freechildrenstories.com/)
* · National Geographic Young Explorers is a magazine designed specifically for kindergarten and first grade students. Children can listen to the magazine being read to them as they follow along with the highlighted text. [https://ngexplorer.cengage.com/ngyoungexplorer/index.html](https://ngexplorer.cengage.com/ngyoungexplorer/index.html)
* · Learn all about earthquakes [https://earthquake.usgs.gov/learn/kids/](https://earthquake.usgs.gov/learn/kids/)
* · Learn all about the periodic table [https://www.chemicool.com/](https://www.chemicool.com/)
* · Farmer’s almanac for kids… Date, weather, moon phase, etc. [https://www.almanac.com/kids](https://www.almanac.com/kids)
* · Guide to gardening for kids [https://web.extension.illinois.edu/firstgarden/](https://web.extension.illinois.edu/firstgarden/)
* · Website allows students to play basic games to reinforce math skills and compete against the computer or others [https://www.mangahigh.com/en-us/](https://www.mangahigh.com/en-us/)
* · Space science for kiddos [https://www.nasa.gov/kidsclub/index.html](https://www.nasa.gov/kidsclub/index.html)
* · Math Games, Logic Puzzles and Brain Builders [https://www.mathplayground.com/](https://www.mathplayground.com/)
* · Games, quizzes and fact sheets take kids on a journey through time. [https://www.bbc.co.uk/history/forkids/](https://www.bbc.co.uk/history/forkids/)
* · NGAkids interactives offer an entertaining and informative introduction to art and art history. [https://www.nga.gov/education/kids.html](https://www.nga.gov/education/kids.html)
* · News and more for kids [https://www.youngzine.org/](https://www.youngzine.org/)
* · Randomly generates 356,300,262,144 story starters [https://thestorystarter.com/](https://thestorystarter.com/)
* · Immerse yourself in cryptography [https://www.cryptoclub.org/](https://www.cryptoclub.org/)
* · Math games galore [https://gridclub.com/](https://gridclub.com/)
* · Experiments that you can do at home [https://www.stevespanglerscience.com/lab/experiments/](https://www.stevespanglerscience.com/lab/experiments/)
* · An interactive way to learn history [https://www.mission-us.org/](https://www.mission-us.org/)
* · Just explore, have fun, and learn some science along the way. [https://thehappyscientist.com/](https://thehappyscientist.com/)
* · Interactive games based on the book series [https://www.magictreehouse.com/](https://www.magictreehouse.com/)
* · Work on the 8 parts of speech [https://www.grammaropolis.com/](https://www.grammaropolis.com/)
* · Learn all about cells [https://www.cellsalive.com/](https://www.cellsalive.com/)
* · All sorts of learning here if you dig in [https://www.google.com/earth/](https://www.google.com/earth/)
* · Scratch draws students of all types into coding and lays a foundation for future learning. [https://scratch.mit.edu/](https://scratch.mit.edu/)
* · A wonderful, endlessly detailed way to get kids engaged in the world of art. [https://www.metmuseum.org/art/online-features/metkids/](https://www.metmuseum.org/art/online-features/metkids/)
* · Tests kids’ geography skills. Using images from Google’s Street View, it plops players down in the middle of the street and asks them to figure out where they are. [https://www.geoguessr.com/](https://www.geoguessr.com/)
* · Allows students to type in any city, state, or country to view an archive of historical photographs and other documents. It’s a unique way to help them learn about history.
* · [ http://www.whatwasthere.com//](http://www.whatwasthere.com/)
* · Short videos about numbers that help kids explore complex math topics and make math more fun. [https://www.numberphile.com/](https://www.numberphile.com/)
* · A human visualization platform that allows students to explore the human body in really cool ways. [https://human.biodigital.com/login?returnUrl=/dashboard](https://human.biodigital.com/login?returnUrl=/dashboard)
* · Helps kids learn to appreciate the arts by providing them with the opportunity to play games, conduct investigations, and explore different forms of art. [https://artsology.com/](https://artsology.com/)
* · Lets kids play instruments online. Instruments include the guitar, piano, pan flute, drums, and bongos. [https://www.virtualmusicalinstruments.com/](https://www.virtualmusicalinstruments.com/)
* · Crafts, activities, bulletin board designs, and finger plays for early education teachers and parents to use with kids.
* · [ http://www.preschoolexpress.com/](http://www.preschoolexpress.com/)
* · A large selection of fun songs to help teach preschool and kindergarten students [https://www.songsforteaching.com/preschoolkindergarten.htm](https://www.songsforteaching.com/preschoolkindergarten.htm)
* · Resource section includes free flashcards, coloring pages, worksheets, and other resources for children, teachers, and parents. [https://supersimple.com/](https://supersimple.com/)
* · Life skills curriculum for students in grades K-12. Their resources include strategies for teaching social and emotional skills. [https://www.overcomingobstacles.org/](https://www.overcomingobstacles.org/)
* · Coding for ages 4-10 [https://www.kodable.com/](https://www.kodable.com/)
* · No need to travel to one of the Smithsonian’s zoos or museums — this website brings your child everything from live video of the National Zoo to the Smithsonian Learning Lab right to their screen [https://www.si.edu/kids](https://www.si.edu/kids)
* · Cool Kid Facts gives your child access to educational videos, pictures, quizzes, downloadable worksheets, and infographics. They can use these to learn about geography, history, science, animals, and even the human body.
* · [ https://www.coolkidfacts.com/](https://www.coolkidfacts.com/)
* · This interactive website, hosted by the U.S. Government Publishing Office, allows your child to see the ins and outs of the U.S. government by taking a series of learning adventures with none other than Benjamin Franklin. [https://bensguide.gpo.gov/](https://bensguide.gpo.gov/)
* · This NASA initiative covers a wide range of topics including weather, climate, atmosphere, water, energy, plants, and animals. [https://climatekids.nasa.gov/](https://climatekids.nasa.gov/)
* · Ask Dr. Universe is a science-education project from Washington State University. Kids can send Dr. Universe any question they may have about history, geography, plants, animals, technology, engineering, math, culture, and more. [https://askdruniverse.wsu.edu/](https://askdruniverse.wsu.edu/)
* · Your child can play games, learn fun facts, and find out how to turn coin collecting into a hobby. [https://www.usmint.gov/learn/kids](https://www.usmint.gov/learn/kids)
* · From rainbows to tornadoes and winter storms to tsunamis, meteorologist Crystal Wicker breaks down the fascinating world of weather. [http://www.weatherwizkids.com/](http://www.weatherwizkids.com/)
* · Kids Think Design explores careers in fashion design, graphic design, interior design, book design, product design, film and theatre, architecture, animation, and environmental design. [http://www.kidsthinkdesign.org/](http://www.kidsthinkdesign.org/)
* · This educational website hosted by the Smithsonian Museum takes a deep dive into ocean life. [https://ocean.si.edu/](https://ocean.si.edu/)
* · Brainscape offers over a million flashcard decks for every subject, entrance exam, and certification imaginable. [https://www.brainscape.com/](https://www.brainscape.com/)
* · The Theta Music Trainer offers a series of online courses and games for ear training and music theory. [https://trainer.thetamusic.com/en](https://trainer.thetamusic.com/en)
* · Banzai exposes students to real-world financial dilemmas to teach them the importance of smart money management. [https://www.teachbanzai.com/](https://www.teachbanzai.com/)
* · Innerbody explores the 11 bodily systems in depth. With interactive models and detailed explanations, this website will help them learn more about the internal mechanics of the amazing human body.[https://www.innerbody.com/htm/body.html](https://www.innerbody.com/htm/body.html)
* · Alcumus is specifically designed to provide high-performing students with a challenging curriculum appropriate to their abilities [https://artofproblemsolving.com/alcumus](https://artofproblemsolving.com/alcumus)
* · Find and fix learning gaps [https://www.mobymax.com/](https://www.mobymax.com/)
* · Algebra games for kids [https://www.dragonboxapp.com/](https://www.dragonboxapp.com/)
* · Fractions practice [http://www.mathchimp.com/freddysfractions.php](http://www.mathchimp.com/freddysfractions.php)
* · Education for kids all topics [https://www.ducksters.com](https://www.ducksters.com/)
* · Math and logic problems for ages 5 and up to adult [https://www.aplusclick.org/](https://www.aplusclick.org/)
* · Science podcasts to listen to with your kids [https://medium.com/kidslisten/19-great-science-podcasts-you-can-listen-to-with-kids-6fe46ac506b8#.rb23iuaw6](https://medium.com/kidslisten/19-great-science-podcasts-you-can-listen-to-with-kids-6fe46ac506b8#.rb23iuaw6)
* · Alaskan Wildlife cams [http://www.adfg.alaska.gov/index.cfm?adfg=viewing.webcams](http://www.adfg.alaska.gov/index.cfm?adfg=viewing.webcams)
* · Coding with Star Wars [https://code.org/starwars](https://code.org/starwars)
* · Tons and tons and tons of games some learning some just fun [https://www.crazygames.com/](https://www.crazygames.com/)
* · Crafts, projects, science, recipes for young children [https://www.funology.com/](https://www.funology.com/)
* · Amphibian unit studies [https://premeditatedleftovers.com/naturally-frugal-mom/amphibians-unit-study-resources/](https://premeditatedleftovers.com/naturally-frugal-mom/amphibians-unit-study-resources/)
* · Engineering challenges with things you have at home [https://thehomeschoolscientist.com/paper-structures-engineering-challenge/](https://thehomeschoolscientist.com/paper-structures-engineering-challenge/)
* · Online photograph jigsaw puzzles You can set the pieces from 6-1000+ [https://www.jigsawexplorer.com/](https://www.jigsawexplorer.com/)
* · Toddler and preschool age ideas [https://preschoolinspirations.com/](https://preschoolinspirations.com/)
* · Free science lessons during school closures. [**Click here**](https://mysteryscience.com/school-closure-planning)
* · **Duolingo:** Learn a new language for free! [**Click here**](https://www.duolingo.com/)
* · [ **Click here**](https://kidsactivitiesblog.com/135609/list-of-education-companies-offering-free-subscriptions/) for a bunch more educational offers for kids when they’re off from school
* · [ **LinkedIn**](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/paths/remote-working-setting-yourself-and-your-teams-up-for-success?u=104) is offering several very informative courses for free. Courses on time management, productivity tips, managing stress, learning various video platforms and software  more!
* · [ Adobe is offering free Creative Cloud apps and conferencing.](https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/kb/covid-19-education-labs.html)
* · [ U-Haul is offering college students 30 days of free storage.](https://www.uhaul.com/Articles/About/20625/College-Students-U-Haul-Offers-30-Days-Free-Self-Storage-amid-Coronavirus-Outbreak/)
* · [ **Amazon**](https://www.amazon.com/kindle-dbs/promoLanding?tag=1426-20promoCode=7cad7d39-c2cf-4e3d-9b17-4ebafbb03a41) is offering 2 Months of Kindle Unlimited for Free! Previous Members are Eligible Too
* · [ **Amazon**](https://amzn.to/2wBiVvq) is also offering kids shows videos for free
* · **NFL** will offer fans free access to NFL Game Pass for the next 2 months! [**Click here**](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000001106855/article/nfl-offers-fans-free-access-to-nfl-game-pass)
* · **NBA** League Pass will be offered for free thru April 22nd. [**Click here**](https://www.nba.com/nba-fan-letter-league-pass-free-preview)
* · Get your kids listening to various stories for free via [**Audible Stories**](https://stories.audible.com/start-listen)
* · [ Resource of learning materials and work sheets on Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1hCIG-PgDCvlpqPiHAmpxsOHP8KMDMPlg)
* · Various arts and crafts, lessons and more for free from [**Crayola**](https://created.crayola.com/homelearning)
* · [ **Jamm**](https://jammhq.typeform.com/to/m0mbZw) is a video call platform that’s offering 4 months for free
* · [ **MeeroDrop**](https://www.meerodrop.com/en/) is a visual content sharing site that’s now offering large file transfers for free. You’ll be able to access these files for 3 months for free.

Sorry for the large wall of text but figured it may be useful.
		-- u/perwinklefarts, 11883 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK masturbation is good for your prostate health and may lower your risk of prostate cancer. [NSFW]

Okay, last edit bc people don’t read to the bottom: Do as you please with your willy. I have since realized that many studies about this subject are inconclusive. Porn is bad for you (eroticfilms.com might be a healthy-ish alternative); release through sex OR self pleasure is good but dopamine can make you want to do it often. Just take care of yourself. If you want to discipline yourself using NNN go ahead.

Why YSK: no nut november is upon us. Those who partake in it may be doing more harm than good. (edit - everyone is different in this regard. NNN is an opportunity to practice self-control and rewire your brain concerning your sexuality.)

Some studies speculate that the act of ejaculation dispels harmful chemicals that build up in semen. 

https://www.webmd.com/prostate-cancer/ejaculation-prostate-cancer-risk

https://www.healthline.com/health/prostate-cancer/ejaculation-prostate-cancer

Not to mention, masturbation is good for you in general. It helps relieve stress and cloudy judgement and it feels good. If you’re excessively masturbating, that’s another thing, and maybe cold turkey is your plan of action to getting better. But men, don’t withhold yourself just because of something that got memed out 2 years ago.

Anyway, good luck.

Edit: I should clarify that if you struggle with addiction to porn/masturbation and NNN is something you believe will help you combat that, by all means, best of luck to you. The purpose of my post is to combat stigma around masturbation and help people recognize it is not a behavior to be ashamed of. I guess I should also add that I am a woman and I won’t tell you what to do with your body.
		-- u/curiouspeach26, 26588 upvotes, 0.83 ratio.
%
YSK most museums in London are completely free.

London is an expensive city to visit and tourist traps can be a drain on your holiday budget. However a most of the best museums are completely free. Please see this list https://www.visitlondon.com/things-to-do/sightseeing/london-attraction/museum/free-museums-in-london
		-- u/jbuk02, 16445 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK most music streaming services pay the artists between $0.003 and $0.006 per played song. If you wanna make your $10/month subscription worth for the artists, you should listen between 50-100 songs a day.

Why YSK: Because you probably want the money to go to the creators, not the streaming company.
		-- u/SalazarRED, 25597 upvotes, 0.82 ratio.
%
YSK moving boxes can easily be found for free. This might be a no-brainer, nevertheless, all it takes is a phone call. Walmart-type stores, liquor stores, drugstores, dollar stores, restaurants, grocery stores, factories, etc. throw away hundreds of boxes every week and gladly give them away.

Because why pay for boxes? The sizes will vary but some are reinforced for heavy or delicate materials (such as liquor boxes) and are perfect for glasses.
		-- u/labyrinth-luminary, 11794 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK not to store a criminal's DNA material (hair/saliva/blood/cum) in plastic. DO STORE IT IN A PAPER BAG.

 I just noticed a post on /r/legaladvice where OP mentioned that he was keeping some hairs and other DNA material in a ziplock bag. Some commenters advised the same thing.

**DO NOT DO THIS**. When patients or clients I worked with suffered rape, sexual assault, or underage prostitution, police always made it very clear to keep things such as underwear or other stuff in a paper bag. 

" **When transporting and storing** evidence that may contain **DNA**, it is **essential** to keep the evidence **dry and at room temperature**. Once the evidence has been secured in **paper bags or envelopes**, it should be sealed, labeled, and transported in a way that ensures proper identification of where it was found and proper chain of custody. **Never place evidence that may contain DNA in plastic bags** because plastic bags will retain damaging moisture. Direct sunlight and warmer conditions also may be harmful to DNA, so avoid keeping evidence in places that may get hot, such as a room or police car without air conditioning. For long-term storage issues, contact your local laboratory. "  [https://www.ncjrs.gov/nij/DNAbro/evi.html](https://www.ncjrs.gov/nij/DNAbro/evi.html)
		-- u/Maklo_Never_Forget, 20409 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK not to store apples near other fruits and vegetables.

Why YSK: because they can speed up the ripening process.

As apples ripen, they produce a gas called ethylene which speeds up the ripening process of other fruits and vegetables stored nearby, or stored in the same fridge.
		-- u/WranglerVegetable512, 11321 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK one 18 inch pizza is more pizza than two 12 inch pizzas

This will save you money if you are planning for a party! Often times we just think 12+12&gt;18 but not when it comes to surface area!
		-- u/MisterMcMuffinYT, 27341 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK people who gossip about everyone they know are probably doing it to you, too

This is something that isn't limited to a single gender or age group; people across the world do it. 

If you notice that every time you speak one-on-one with a person, they have negative or salacious things to say about your mutual friends (or even people you've never met!), that person has a personality or behavioral problem that affects ALL of their friendships and relationships - you are not exempt.

Sometimes it may be simply for the attention they receive for bringing "the tea"; other times it may be indicative of a more sinister issue, undiagnosed mental illness, or a malignant personality disorder (such as Narcissism).

**WHY YSK** : Because you should distance yourself from untrustworthy people, and this is a red flag that often goes overlooked. It's a tough pill to swallow that someone who you might consider to be a good friend could be capable of betraying you in this way, but it is important to realize, so you can make informed choices about who you want to allow in your life.
		-- u/griftylifts, 21069 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK people with social anxiety are often misidentified as being a jerk.

That person in your office who rarely initiates conversations, only speaks up when there is a problem, keeps to themselves at social gatherings, etc... Often amplified with a case of resting bitch face or resting dick face, they don’t hate you, they don’t think they are better than you, they have been afraid or uncomfortable approaching or talking to people their entire life. Many are never diagnosed or if they are not until late into their adult life.  It’s so frustrating people assuming the worst about you when it is not at all who you are.
		-- u/[deleted], 14003 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK restaurants worry about regulars who stop ordering.

I work at a restaurant and we recently lost a customer. He would order 5-6 times a week every week for the last 10+years. All of a sudden 2 weeks pass and he has not ordered. We all worried about it and were talking about it at work for a while. Finally we got an order from his home, but sadly it was his wife. He had passed away but his wife was nice enough to call and let us know, and order one last time before she moved.

This happens from time to time and its a shame that there is no good way for us, as restaurateurs, to know if we have lost a customer for health reasons. If a loved one has passed recently and you know they had a favorite restaurant please let them know. I will guarantee they will be grateful to know.

edit: Wow woke up to my first gold!! Thank you!
		-- u/payno_attention, 17823 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK some cooking recipes online use unnecessarily complicated ingredients, you don't need to go all out and buy everything.

Why YSK:

I'm an amateur cook, and I come across a lot of recipes online, either websites or on YouTube, and here are some learnings:

1) Recipes generate clicks. They would reference other similar recipes they've made or say that one of the ingredients which they use was made in another video/ page. While this can be easy sometimes, I can give a particularly bad one - A carbonara recipe needed 2 spoons of a chilli oil, which needed another set of preparations with ingredients like Korean chilli powder which I didn't have for making a whole litre of it. There are many more examples, but just think about how less of an influence any of these will have on the final product and just substitute it. The people behind these websites aren't you, so work with what you have and only make the extra effort if it's worth it.

2) As someone who goes all out when cooking in the sense that I will buy all including optional ingredients especially for recipes I'm trying out for the first time and stick to the recipe, you should really see how useful some of these ingredients are in the future. Taking the previous example, Chilli oil of a particular type can be useful in multiple dishes or it might just sit in your cupboard, only to be used for the initial few spoons or that one recipe made in a blue moon. Save some money and ignore/ substitute it with something you have.

I realize a lot of this is obvious to most people, but the excitement of cooking something new after finding that amazing looking recipe almost always results in buying stuff you're not going to need. I hope this acts as a reminder to help those who are still in that mindset.
		-- u/SyStRm, 11037 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK some websites track your browsing history and will increase the cost of items or flights after repeat viewings. If you want to prevent this, browse incognito, delete your cookies or maybe use a VPN

Why YSK: It's the holidays and a lot of us are spending money on gifts and flights too. This could potentially save you money.
		-- u/EJRose83, 19018 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK spiders are attracted to humidity, hence why they’re often found in bathrooms - the most humid room in the house. But they’re also attracted to airflow, so if you find a spider you don’t want to deal with, open a window and close the door for an hour or so, it will likely let itself out.

I learned all this at a spider phobia course last year, which I went to because my phobia was very extreme. These facts were helpful to my peace of mind (know you’re enemy type thing). The course resulted in me getting rid of my phobia, but for those who have one still, I hope this helps.
		-- u/KacyKrubs, 13344 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK stopping in the middle of the road to let a pedestrian, especially a child, cross at an unmarked crossing is one of the most life threatening things a driver can do to a pedestrian.

Why YSK: although well meaning, drivers who do this put the pedestrian in grave risk. You and the pedestrian are the only people who know what you are doing, and what you are doing goes against law and convention. Other drivers may think you have stalled, are lost, perhaps taking a call on your phone, or a whole host of assumed circumstances. 

They go around you and the pedestrian gets hit. And it is your fault that pedestrian was hit, especially if you waved them through.

This is especially true on 4 lane roads.

DO not stop. The pedestrian can take a chance jaywalking or going to a properly marked crosswalk

EDIT: 
- c'mon guys, I said "middle of the road" in the title to eliminate intersections, which are often unmarked crosswalks..
- also, do NOT stop and wave pedestrians to cross, DO stop for pedestrians who have already started across the road. Please do not use this post to justify smoking someone.
		-- u/opgary, 23998 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that "Powerful Bass" and terms alike are just a marketing gimmick. Making the high end and bass louder is just a cheap way to produce sound that people Will think is good

Why YSK : Your headphones should represent your music well, not alter it. Not to mention that you could get better sound by just avoiding brands with such marketing. 
Always check headphones sound signature on websites like rtings and soundguys. Detail is also very important
		-- u/iloveperkyboobies, 20610 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that "Restarting" your PC is not the same as shutting it down and turning it on again

Why YSK: Windows 10 has the feature "Fast Startup" enabled by default, which essentially puts the PC into a hibernation state instead of completely turning it off. When you Shut Down your PC, this feature enables it to start up faster later.

When you restart your PC, it completely turns off and on again. This may help to solve errors regarding devices or certain programs. This is why you are usually required to restart your PC while updating it. 

To completely shut down your PC, you can either disable Fast Startup here -

Control Panel &gt; Power Options &gt; Choose what the power buttons do &gt; Change settings that are currently unavailable &gt; Uncheck "Turn on fast startup" 

 Or you can turn the PC off completely by holding the Shift key as you click "Shut Down"

Edit : As many have pointed out, yes this is inspired by the new Techquickie video, which I did link in the comments while posting (as I was not sure if I could insert links in posts on this subreddit). I hope it helps out those of us who didn't watch it
		-- u/[deleted], 11356 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that "what do you mean by that" is a good defense if you have the feeling someone is indirectly criticizing your behavior in a conversation

It will bring them to specify their criticism. Sometimes it brings them to their borders as they realize they don't have any examples to bring up (which is needed in some forms of constructive criticism, not necessarily your SOs btw). Sometimes it will shut them up if they know a more direct criticism is not allowed or appropriate.

Many times, it will give you ground to react on or debunk the others critique. Be mindful though that, depending on your reaction, it can escalate an argument as well. It is recommended to hear the other person out and be mindful of what they have to say, IF they can really take a more direct approach to talk about problems with you.

Edit: This is gaining some traction, so I will add comments with good additions to this YSK

My favorite: u/meowhahaha: [Using "Help me understand" as a sign of cooperation instead of "you vs me"](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/gib8r3/ysk_that_what_do_you_mean_by_that_is_a_good/fqdxc3z?utm_source=shareutm_medium=web2x).

u/DrSeafood: [Take note that you should not use this excessively - for example with your SO, friends, someone you look up to. Try to improve for some people without longing for examples.](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/gib8r3/ysk_that_what_do_you_mean_by_that_is_a_good/fqejlaf?utm_source=shareutm_medium=web2x)

u/zen33824: [Using "Can you be more specific" as an alternative](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/gib8r3/ysk_that_what_do_you_mean_by_that_is_a_good/fqdwksu?utm_source=shareutm_medium=web2x).

u/LovesBlueSky: [Using "I'm not sure, what you mean by that" as an alternative way to phrase it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/gib8r3/ysk_that_what_do_you_mean_by_that_is_a_good/fqdnhd1?utm_source=shareutm_medium=web2x)

Edit 2: As this has been in question in the comments section, I'd like to emphasize this sentence in my original post:

***It is recommended to hear the other person out and be mindful of what they have to say, IF they can really take a more direct approach to talk about problems with you.***
		-- u/Coldeye262, 34384 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that - especially in times as chaotic and uncertain as these - that a little patience and humanity towards customer service agents goes a long, LONG way. The less you shout at them, the more inclined they will be to help you.

Please.

Edit: Bloody hell this blew up. Stay safe, folks.
		-- u/Aerisavion, 37683 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that Amazon has a serious problem with counterfeit products, and it's all because of something called "commingled inventory."

Anecdotally, the problem is getting *severe.* I used to buy all my household basics on Amazon (shampoo, toothpaste, etc), and I've gotten a very high rate of fake products over the past 2 years or so, specifically.

Most recently, I bought a bottle of shampoo that seemed really odd and gave me a pretty serious rash on my scalp. I contacted the manufacturer, and they confirmed it was a fake. Amazon will offer to give your money back if you send it back, but that's all the protection you have as a buyer.

Since I started noticing this issue, I've gotten counterfeit batteries, counterfeit shampoo, and counterfeit guitar strings, and they were *all sold by Amazon.com.* It got so bad that I completely stopped using Amazon. 

The bigger question is "what the hell is going on?" This didn't seem to be a problem, say, 5 years ago. I started looking into why this was the case, and I found a pretty clear answer: **commingled inventory.**

Basically, it works like this:

- As we know, Amazon has third-party sellers that have their products fulfilled by Amazon.
- These sellers send in their products to be stored at an Amazon warehouse
- When a buyer buys that item, Amazon will ship the products directly to buyers.

Sounds straight-forward enough, right? Here's the problem, though: **Amazon treats all items with the same SKU as identical.**

So, let's say I am a third-party seller on Amazon, and I am selling Crest Toothpaste. I send 100 tubes of Crest Toothpaste to Amazon for Amazon fulfillment, and then 100 tubes are listed by me on Amazon. The problem is that my tubes of Crest aren't entered into the system as "SolitaryEgg's Storefront Crest Toothpaste," they are just entered as "Crest Toothpaste" and thrown into a bin with *all the other crest toothpaste.* Even the main "sold by Amazon.com" stock.

You can see why this is not good. If you go and buy something from Amazon, you'll be sent a product that literally anyone could've sent in. It's basically become a big flea market with no accountability, and even Amazon themselves don't keep track of who sent in what. It doesn't matter if you buy it directly from Amazon, or a third party seller with 5 star reviews, or a third party seller with 1 star reviews.  Regardless, someone (or a robot) at the warehouse is going to go to the Crest Toothpaste bin, grab a random one, and send it to you. And it could've come *from anywhere.*

This is especially bad because it doesn't just *allow* for counterfeit items, it actively encourages it. If I'm a shady dude, I can send in a bunch of fake crest toothpaste. I get credit for those items and can sell them on Amazon. Then when someone buys it from me, my customer will *probably* get a legitimate tube that some other seller (or Amazon themselves) sent in. My fake tubes will just get lost in the mix, and if someone notices it's fake, some other poor seller will likely get the bad review/return. 

I started looking around Amazon's reviews, and almost *every product* has some % of people complaining about counterfeit products, or products where the safety seal was removed and re-added. It's not everyone of course, but it seems like some % of people get fake products pretty much across the board, from vitamins to lotions to toothpastes and everything else. Seriously, go check any household product right now and read the 1-star reviews, and I guarantee you you'll find photos of fake products, items with needle-punctures in the safety seals, etc etc. It's rampant. Now, sure, some of these people might be lying, but I doubt they all are.

In the end, this "commingled inventory" has created a pretty serious counterfeit problem on amazon, and it can actually be a *really really* serious problem if you're buying vitamins, household cleaners, personal hygiene products, etc. And there is literally nothing you can do about it, because commingled inventory also means that "sold by amazon" and seller reviews are completely meaningless.

It's surprising to me that this problem seems to get almost no attention. Here's a source that explains it pretty well:

https://blog.redpoints.com/en/amazon-commingled-inventory-management

but you can find a lot of legitimate sources online to read more about it. A lot of big newspapers have covered the issue. A few more reads:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/wadeshepard/2017/12/13/how-to-protect-your-family-from-dangerous-fakes-on-amazon-this-holiday-season/#716ea6d77cf1

https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2018/04/amazon-may-have-a-counterfeit-problem/558482/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/11/14/how-amazons-quest-more-cheaper-products-has-resulted-flea-market-fakes/

EDIT: And, no, I'm not an anti-Amazon shill. No, I don't work for Amazon's competitors (do they even have competitors anymore?). I'm just a person who got a bunch of fake stuff on Amazon, got a scalp rash from counterfeit shampoo, then went down an internet rabbit hole.
		-- u/SolitaryEgg, 90754 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that Amazon will permanently change the materials they deliver your packages in (unless not possible) to be more environmentally friendly

Follow these simple steps: 
-open your Amazon account...
-go to help/customer service...
-click contact us...
-use the chat option...
-request to make all future orders plastic free with minimal packaging and where only absolutely necessary use degradable packaging materials like paper

EDIT: This is not guaranteed and looks like it is only available for certain regions
		-- u/princesskuzco666, 12750 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK that April Fools and Easter fall on the same day this year...

Get your cement Easter eggs ready
		-- u/marksj2, 14100 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK that BBC has one of the biggest and best recipe collections available for free, and since they are a public service, they have no ads, no walls of text, just recipes

Google has transformed every recipe web into a wall of text that they are forced to write if they don't want SEO to screw them.

Fortunately for us, BBC is a public institution and they don't need to do it. The collection is massive and has the recipes right away.

The web is https://bbc.co.uk/food

Edit: as several comments have pointed out, there is also https://www.bbcgoodfood.com
		-- u/ES_Legman, 46331 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Bananas aren't supposed to be Spicy.

Why YSK: You might be allergic to Bananas. If you feel like your tongue is weird after eating any fruit, you might want to get that checked out.
		-- u/TheTrueSpaceMuffin1, 13689 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that Cambridge University Press is making over 700 higher education textbooks in HTML format free to access online until the end of May 2020

Please visit [Cambridge University Press Website](https://www.cambridge.org/core/what-we-publish/textbooks) for the list of subjects.
		-- u/pooyanni, 17731 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Charles Darwin suffered from debilitating mental illness, sometimes causing him to spend up to a third of his waking hours in bed. Yet he still published one of the most important scientific works of all time.

For much of Charles Darwin's adult life, his health was affected by a number of symptoms, including palpitations, vomiting and attacks of melancholy which confined him to his bed. Although a definitive diagnosis was not made in Darwin's lifetime, it is now widely accepted that there was a significant psychological component to his symptoms, with some sources citing anxiety, some depression. 

Why YSK: As someone who has struggled with anxiety, I find Darwin's story to be a comfort. His condition greatly affected him, but it did not define him, it is not what he is known for. If you find yourself struggling with your mental health, particularly if you can't bring yourself to get out of bed, it may help you to know that you are not alone in history: some of the greatest men and women to have ever lived struggled in similar ways, it is very possible that Darwin felt just as you do, and look at what he achieved!

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_of_Charles_Darwin
		-- u/chewingthefatchungus, 13333 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that Chase Bank just merged with another bank and the company will waive your right to take them to court unless you mail them a rejection letter.

As the result of a bank merger, Chase Bank is now requiring all its credit card holders to accept a waiver of your right to take a claim against them to court. 

You can reject this, but you have to mail it into them.

Edit: I am not affiliated with the company at all. I hold a card with them and noticed this slimy practice in the fine print.
		-- u/[deleted], 11898 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Collagen and Gelatin are always from animals and there is no vegetable source.

Collagen is that protein that makes up most of our bodies, our connective tissues, skin, bones, arteries..

Gelatin is just processed collagen. 

In the plant kingdom, they're not made out of proteins like us, but out of cellulose fibre, a carbohydrate.

So when you have a vegetable alternative to things that are traditionally made with gelatin, you don't use a plant protein, but plant fibre. It's that structure-creating vibe of these molecules that provides structure to things we need gelatinized or glued together or thickened or whatever.

Collagen supplements are huge nowadays. These are made from animal hides and bones or maybe fish scales or chicken sternums/crops. There is no vegetable that produces collagen, but I think a company called ~~Gelita~~ Geltor has introduced bacterial gelatin, I guess from a GMO bacterium. 

Collagen supplements are extra-processed gelatin, btw. Gelatin is long tangles of protein that hold their shape and hold water. Collagen supplements break these tangles up into small pieces that dissolve into water, hold no shape, and are easier to absorb intact.

F to the y i. Thank you for your kind attention.

.

To appease the bot, who speaks for the people, here is a source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gelatin

Just in case I didn't read a no-Wikipedia rule somewhere: https://www.healthline.com/health/food-nutrition/vegan-collagen.
		-- u/Autopilot_Psychonaut, 26130 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that Expectation Management is a Crucial but Underrated Skill

Why YSK: As a career consultant, I have observed that the vast majority of projects that were unsuccessful failed not because of any technical shortcomings, but because of bad expectation management (EM). EM is important for all relationships, not just the client-consultant one.

When you are planning to do something, whether for work or in your personal life, be honest with yourself and any other parties about what can be done within a given timeframe/budget. It may lead to disappointment and possibly even you losing the project, but it’s better to weed those situations out at the beginning rather than be stuck with an impossible task that you can’t deliver on. If you fail to deliver after agreeing to unreasonable terms, it’s all on you. At that point, your reputation will take a much bigger hit than if you had just been honest at the beginning.

This sounds so obvious, but I can’t tell you how many times I’ve seen other consultants land in hot water with clients because they promised something could be done in 4 weeks when they know it usually takes 6-8. Only twice in my career did a client walk because I was honest with them about what could be done, and I believe I (and my firm) dodged a bullet in both cases.
		-- u/felix_mateo, 11079 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Google Earth has a built in flight simulator.

In Google Earth, if you go to tools, and then click Enter Flight Simulator, you can fly anywhere on Earth. It even lets you fly underwater, on the moon, or on Mars
		-- u/Danile2401, 13140 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Google maps will no longer always show you the fastest route to your destination by default.

Why YSK: it's a pain having to remember to check and select the faster route.
Google maps is starting to default to displaying the route with the lightest emissions rather than the shortest travel time.
Apparently it's only when the ETA for both routes is similar, but nearly 10 minutes is significant for my morning commute.
		-- u/notjustapossum, 28979 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that Harvard offers a free certificate for its Intro to Computer Science  Programming

Why YSK: Harvard is one of the world's top universities. But it's very expensive and selective. So very few people get to enjoy the education they offer.

However, they've made **CS50, Harvard's Introduction to Computer Science and Programming**, available online for free. And upon completion, you even get a free certificate from Harvard.

I can't overstate how good the course is. The professor is super engaging. The lectures are recorded annually, so the curriculum is always up to date. And it's very interactive, with weekly assignments that you complete through an in-browser code editor.

To top it all off, once you complete the course, you get a free certificate of completion from Harvard. Very few online courses offer free certificates nowadays, especially from top universities.

You can take the course for free on Harvard OpenCourseWare:

[https://cs50.harvard.edu/x/2022/](https://cs50.harvard.edu/x/2022/)

(Note that you can also take it through edX, but there, the certificate costs $150. On Harvard OpenCourseWare, the course is exactly the same, but the certificate is entirely free.)

I hope this help.
		-- u/manocormen, 50740 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that Harvard recently launched an Intro to Programming with Python, and it includes a free certificate of completion.

Why YSK: I recently shared a [YSK about Harvard's Intro to CS](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/v35jdm/ysk_that_harvard_offers_a_free_certificate_for/), and many people seemed interested, so I thought you might also want to know about Harvard's new free Python course. :)

In April, Harvard University launched **Intro to Programming with Python**, a free 9-week course for complete beginners, which includes a free certificate of completion.

IMO, the course is excellent. It's taught by the same professor who teaches Harvard's Intro to CS, the university's most-popular on-campus course. He's super lively, and I think he explains things really well. 

The course is very hands-on, with the instructor live coding from the very beginning, and with weekly problem sets and a final project that you complete through an in-browser code editor.

Finally, when you finish the course, you get a free certificate of completion from Harvard that [looks like this](https://www.classcentral.com/report/harvard-cs50-python/). :)

Here's where you can take the course, through Harvard OpenCourseWare:

[https://cs50.harvard.edu/python/2022/](https://cs50.harvard.edu/python/2022/)

I hope this helps!

**Important**: You can also take the course via edX, but there, the certificate costs $199. If you take it through Harvard OpenCourseWare, the course is exactly the same, but the certificate is entirely free. :)
		-- u/manocormen, 23288 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that Human Resources (HR) protects the company, NOT the employee(s)

One of the most heartbreaking examples of misplaced trust that I see unfolding regularly is this: someone has an interpersonal conflict at their job, and they're either advised to take it up with HR or they think that is the common sense approach. 

What those people haven't yet learned the hard way, is that a company's Human Resources department wants to keep the company itself out of any legal trouble or PR issues. 

This means that if your legitimate issues that you bring to them are more problematic to fix than not, you may find yourself out of a job - all because you turned to the people you thought were there to protect you. 

They're not your friends. 

Seek your own legal counsel instead, as well as workers rights advocates in your local area.
		-- u/griftylifts, 25456 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) has a website that provides all of their course materials for free.

[MIT OpenCourseWare](http://ocw.mit.edu)
		-- u/MufaddalHakim, 19587 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that OCD is not about being neat or anal

Why YSK: Obsessive compulsive disorder is often misused as being obsessive over alignment and patterns. The mistaken views can be quite damaging and misleading. The compulsions are often a result of an irrational fear of themselves or loved ones becoming sick or die if they don’t perform different actions almost ritually, despite knowing its irrational. A lot of issues regarding mental health has been wrongly portrayed in media and can lead to people not seeking help because they don’t know that their struggles might be treatable.

Sources:

https://www.mygbhp.com/blog/neat-freak-vs-ocd/

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3698814/

Edit: There are a lot of great comments in this thread, but a lot is outside of my knowledge and skill to answer. So please help your fellow redditor by answering a question or two! Thanks :)
		-- u/X5ne, 17219 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that PBS puts out some of the best produced and interesting documentaries out there. They do not advertise and all of them are completely free on their website.

Why YSK: Because PBS is publicly funded so they have no need to advertise or charge for their work. But they put out some of the very best documentaries that exist.

They are informative, entertaining and fact checked. They have them on everything from war to football concussions... And everything in between.

All of them are available for free on their website. No strings attached. You already paid for them with your tax dollars.

https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/films/
		-- u/Working_Class_Pride, 32043 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that Plan B is not a pill that causes abortions, it’s a pill that prevents pregnancies

Why YSK: In light of recent events in Texas, I’ve seen a lot of people here on Reddit confusing Plan B with abortion pills. They are not one and the same.

Plan B, or Levonorgestrel, is a dose of hormonal birth control taken within 72 hours of unprotected sex to prevent pregnancy, which is why it’s known as the “morning after pill.” It does this in two possible ways: by stopping an egg from being released from the ovary, or preventing a fertilized egg from implanting in the uterine wall.

Mifepristone and Misoprostol are the most commonly used drugs in medical abortions, or what is colloquially referred to as the “abortion pill.” This regimen is used to terminate pregnancy, and is considered in the United States to be safe through 12 weeks gestation, though it is usually only prescribed up to 10 weeks. The Mifepristone blocks the body from producing progesterone, and the Misoprostol causes cramping and bleeding, eventually resulting in the uterus emptying. 

Plan B pills prevent pregnancy. Abortion pills, then, can be thought of as Plan C pills. Got it? Good. 

Citations:

[Levonorgestrel](https://medlineplus.gov/druginfo/meds/a610021.html)

[The Abortion Pill](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/abortion/the-abortion-pill)

Edit: Fixed an improperly formatted link.

Edit #2: Copying and pasting a comment so I don’t have to keep repeating myself:

&gt;The goal of this post is to highlight that these are two (or really three) different drugs that do very different things to the body. Extremists may not like either of them, but that’s not the point here. A man in another thread who was clearly sympathetic to the cause was advising women in Texas to “pop a Plan B just in case” if they had a missed period. Another person was referring to a ban on the mailing of abortion pills in Texas as a “ban on Plan B.” There is widespread confusion out there even amongst the pro-choice crowd, and I’m trying to help combat that.
		-- u/throwawaylol666666, 20973 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that Project Gutenberg has an online library of over 60,000 free eBooks

Why YSK: In these times getting your hands on things to read can be hard – especially if your local library doesn't have freely available web resources.

Project Gutenberg has a massive library of eBooks as well as audio books you can download to your device, or read directly in your browser. Its collection includes works that are not currently protected by copyright in the United States, most commonly classics with expired rights, like [Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen](https://www.gutenberg.org/files/42671/42671-h/42671-h.htm).

[Project Gutenberg's website](https://www.gutenberg.org/).
		-- u/inejghafas, 14416 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that Sikh temples can provide a free meal, a safe place, or a temporary shelter if your ever need it. Anyone can visit the temple irrespective of their native language, sexual orientation or religious beliefs. Above all, they will never try to convert you.

Why YSK: If you ever need any of these things, just look for  the nearest Sikh temple. While you’re there, please respect their culture and cover your hair while you’re in the prayer hall or in “langar” hall. A langar hall is where the food is served. If you like you can also volunteer to help in the kitchen and elsewhere.
		-- u/nimblemind, 83261 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK that Succulents are the subject of a great deal of damaging and illegal trade. It can be helpful to ask vendors their sources.

Why YSK: because succulents are one of the more unique varieties of plants out there, they've become a target for "poaching." Many people think they're helping preserve the species when they purchase them, but can inadvertently hurt them if contributing to illegal supply. Some more info can be found in this piece by [Cheddar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KirP2ef1lJ0). Ultimately, it's OK to have succulents! But if we want them to stay around, it's good to spread info on best-buying habits. 

There was a post on r/interestingasfuck that showed off a living rock cactus, which is a common victim of illegal trade. Made me think I should share the video I had recently seen on it.
		-- u/max13007, 12554 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that Survivorman's entire series is available on youtube for free. The series films an expert living in actual survival situations for seven days where he has to find his own way out. If you are an outdoors person or you travel the show teaches very valuable concepts that could save your life.

[Link to the youtube playlist for season 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rdq6zfIzPolist=PLdteC6yMLFp0gmUaCnWIq5gYhqoz_bk5_)

I'd also like to note that **none of it is simulated.** He starts off with equipment your average day hiker might start off with and heavy cameras - he records everything himself. It's not a game show like Survivor or completely staged like Bear Grylls show. It's real, he survives alone and uses practical skills to do so.

Why YSK: [The show has saved multiple lives](https://www.thestar.com/news/ontario/2008/04/04/tv_reality_show_saved_my_life_snowmobiler_says.html) so while it is not only entertaining, it's educational with practical skills. Certainly not everyone, not even close to it, will need to use these skills to survive, it's better to know how to do something to survive and not need it than to end up in that kind of situation and be completely helpless.

His channel also has other survival related content that might be interesting to some people.

Whether you are a /r/cordcutter or just /r/poor, youtube guides like these are not only entertaining, but they can save your life.

*Note: I am in no way affiliated with the show Survivorman or any other television show or publisher. I just like survival shows and getting free TV.*
		-- u/dumnem, 15141 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that TurboTax has lowered their tax free file limit for 2020 from $68,000 to $39,000, but the IRS free file threshold still remains at $66,000.

Do not fall for Intuit's attempts to make you pay to file your taxes. The federally mandated minimum still rests with the IRS, who has made it $69,000 and below for 2020.

Since the IRS no longer allows TurboTax to have the monopoly on free filing, TurboTax has now lowered their limit to make people think that they have to pay to file. Intuit is already sending out emails to people prompting them to "check if they qualify."The free file link for the IRS is below.[https://www.irs.gov/filing/free-file-do-your-federal-taxes-for-free](https://www.irs.gov/filing/free-file-do-your-federal-taxes-for-free)

Edit: $69,000 not $66,000
		-- u/that_bermudian, 13710 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Turbotax isn't going to be free this year

Intuit, the parent company of Turbotax is no longer participating in the Free File Alliance, meaning if you use Turbotax to do your taxes, it's not going to be free this year.

[Here](https://www.irs.gov/filing/free-file-do-your-federal-taxes-for-free) is a link to the IRS' website about free file, it opens up tomorrow.

Why YSK, when it comes to Americans and doing their taxes, we sometimes skim over details to just get it over with, and Intuit is hoping that when users go to their site this year, that they'll gloss over the fact that you've got to pay to use their services. Intuit and Turbotax are the scum of the Earth and a scourge to American civil life, they're hoping to use this opportunity to get more of your money, but this could be are chance to stick it to these guys. The IRS has plenty of resources for people to responsibly pay their taxes, let's utilize them.
		-- u/PicklesMcG33, 33206 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that US banks are required to allow you to opt out of overdraft fees. If you do, charges that would send you negative are declined instead.

**Why YSK:** The $35 overdraft fee can be absolutely brutal, especially for people in college or who just got their first job. Keeping a close watch on your bank balances is a skill most people seem to learn the hard way.

Overdraft fees are an income source for banks. Almost all of them will let you overdraw your account and fine you by default. This is deceptively called "overdraft protection". 

If you opt out, debit card charges that would send you into the red are declined instead. Anyone living paycheck to paycheck should seriously consider opting out. 

The flip side is that important bills may not go through. Missing a mortgage payment is a lot more expensive than an overdraft fee. It may be worth setting up a different account for important bills. 

[How to opt out of overdraft protection - consumerreports.org](https://www.consumerreports.org/cro/magazine/2012/06/don-t-get-dinged-by-overdraft-fees/index.htm)

[§ 1005.17 Requirements for overdraft services. - consumerfinance.gov](https://www.consumerfinance.gov/rules-policy/regulations/1005/17/#b-1)

Edit: Some good points from the comments:

* Credit unions non-profit, and beholden to their clients rather than stock holders. They are much better than banks. 

* This ONLY applies to charges made using a debit card. Checks, monthly payments for stuff like Netflix and anything hooked directly into your bank account will still get charged. 

* Bank tellers can apparently claim to opt you out but not follow through. I recommend double checking. Some banks allow you to opt out online which may be more reliable.

* Several people have said that they got overdraft fees overturned by calmly asking the bank teller.
		-- u/Ajreil, 17655 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Walmart sells regular and 70/30 insulin vials for $24.88 and $42.88 apiece over the counter. It's not the current best regimen available, but if you are uninsured or break your vial, it can prevent diabetic ketoacidosis in a pinch.

YSK that Walmart sells vials of regular (human) insulin for $24.88 apiece over the counter (from the pharmacist) without a prescription OTC, and $42.88 for 70/30 pens, under its ReliOn brand.

Most diabetics generally should not substitute it for rapid-acting insulin without a healthcare provider's and pharmacist's guidance. If you take these already, or if you consult a healthcare professional who can guide you through this process, it can be life-saving for uninsured people who cannot afford brand-name or analog insulin, or in an emergency where insulin vials are broken, lost, stolen, etc.

Why YSK: While this isn't a solution to America's insulin pricing crisis, but it can save the life of a diabetic you know.

Disclaimer: this does not constitute medical advice or an endorsement of any particular product. Consult a qualified health professional such as a physician, pharmacist, or advanced practice provider before changing any medications. This information—the fact that the Walmart corporation sells these products are these prices—is offered in good faith for those who take these medicines and struggle to find them at affordable prices. 

Source: [https://diabetesstrong.com/walmart-insulin/](https://diabetesstrong.com/walmart-insulin/)

Edit: I am seeing a lot of posts from people concerned about the dangers of using this insulin. Here are a few points:

1. For those who are truly insulin dependent, this may be critical information. I've seen many people show up to my ED in DKA or HHS because they could not afford insulin. Many were already prescribed a regular + NPH regimen and did not know walmart sold it cheaper. 

2. If you already take a regular, NPH, or 70/30 insulin regimen,  this is the same medication made by Novo Nordisk sold under a different brand name

3. It is true that regular insulin (short acting) is not interchangeable with rapid acting (like lispro). You should only substitute under the direction of your healthcare provider. Call or secure chat message your doctor's office. Usually they will respond quickly with a message from the doctor or a practice nurse. If it's after their business hours and you need insulin, you NEED INSULIN. Ask the licensed pharmacist at the Walmart pharmacy for guidance on how to take it until your doctor can call you back. That's what they're there for. 

4. Pasted below is an article from the Tulane school of medicine on the onset, peak, and duration times of various insulins. As you can see, regular insulin is slower to reach its peak and acts longer, so there's a higher risk of "stacking insulins," and having an unpredictable reaction. Talk to your provider or pharmacist and mind the timing of your insulin administration and meals. Taking insulin incorrectly or when not needed can be dangerous. 
 https://tmedweb.tulane.edu/pharmwiki/doku.php/insulin_regimens

5. Another point: I'm not trying to say that taking some subcutaneous insulin is a way to manage DKA. This knowledge is specifically for insulin-dependent people who require insulin coverage who have NO OTHER CHOICE and would eventually experience a medical emergency if they went without it. To all the people who are saying, "this isn't the best insulin," or "you need to know how to prevent diabetic emergencies," I agree completely. But I have a lot of patients wind up in the ICU on an insulin drip costing thousands because they went without their meal coverage or basal insulin because they couldn't afford it. Root cause analysis: insulin is expensive. This is a stopgap workaround for CERTAIN patients. 

6. I have been informed insulin is not OTC in the state of Indiana. I stand corrected! 

Thank you for the awards. Hopefully the information helps someone out there.
		-- u/Substance___P, 15597 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that Youtube is updating their terms of service on December 10th with a new clause that they can terminate anyone they deem "not commercially viable"

"Terminations by YouTube for Service Changes

YouTube may terminate your access, or your Google account’s access to all or part of the Service if YouTube believes, in its sole discretion, that provision of the Service to you is no longer commercially viable. "

this is a very broad and vague blanket term that could apply from people who make content that does not produce youtube ad revune to people using ad blocking software.

https://www.youtube.com/t/terms?preview=20191210#main
		-- u/no1careskid, 56111 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that a Box Turtle only roams 1 mile its whole life. If it is removed from its area/home then for the rest of its life it will roam aimlessly stressed out, trying to find its "home" until it dies a very sad death.

Please do not remove turtles. Do not take them home as pets. If one is injured please mark the exact spot found for the wildlife center. If a turtle is in the road you can help by moving it directly across the street in the direction it was heading. Many people think it is harmless to let their children take home a docile turtle to play with and release it someplace they see appropriate.
		-- u/iblowwhistles, 24225 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that a layover of less than an hour and a half is not sufficient for a international flight passing through the USA

Transiting through the USA, even in your origin and/or destination is not in the United States, will require you to pickup and re-check your luggage and go through TSA.

I bought a Montreal - Singapore flight from United that had a 1h20 stop in SF. While I was (barely) able to catch the plane, my luggage didn't.

Bonus YSK for Canadians, if your luggage are delayed, a new law states that you may be entitled to compensation for the expenses caused by the delay.
		-- u/TardisDude, 11058 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that a lot of bargains on black friday are actually cheaper, crappier versions of the real thing

If you're eyeing that nice new 55" UHDTV from Best Buy, know that a lot of the products sold on Black Friday are made solely for that day and manufacturers will make it seem like you're buying the same thing you saw at 4x the price the week before, when in fact, the model number is ever so slighty different and lacks a lot of the features of the other model.

And this goes far further then just TVs.

The Nintendo switch for example is going to be on sale but what you may not know is that it is the older version, with much worse battery life then the new, currently SAME PRICE model.
		-- u/1leggeddog, 15859 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that a lot of car issues are extremely simple to fix yourself

Why YSK: I am by no means savvy with a car. But most car companies make some maintenance very simple to do yourself. For example, changing light bulbs. The bulbs themselves cost $2-$6 and can mostly be replaced in just a few minutes without any tools.

Will save you a lot of money if you had been previously taking your car to a mechanic for these issues.

Edit: from all the comments, it looks like the fan favorite, go-to YouTube channel for learning about car maintenance is ChrisFix - check him out!
		-- u/nickleone1, 15460 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that a lot of corporations believe each and every human resource is REPLACEABLE and have active plans to weed out their non-excutive highest earners annually.

Why YSK: Because the very high paying non-executive corporate position you may be applying for may in fact be shortening your tenure. In such companies HR assembles a list of highest earners and they get near the door.

 Edit: Thank you for the award. Appreciated it.
		-- u/MetaCalm, 12225 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that a lot of harm is done during Autism Awareness Month, and many autistic people want to change it to "Autism Acceptance Month" instead

**Why YSK:** Lots of people are eager to pull out their wallets and share posts about autism this time of year, however, what many don't know is that April is a difficult month for a lot of autistic people, and much of what's done by well-meaning folks wanting to help us actually hurts.

Many 'autism orgs', despite backing from big-name companies and celebrities, are widely disliked by actual autistic people and have done a great deal of harm. In April, "Autism Awareness Month", massive amounts of money are pumped into these orgs and their campaigns despite mass condemnation from the very population they claim to serve, misinformation abounds, and autistic voices are drowned out.

Some good rules of thumb for whether you should support an autism org:

• If they use puzzle piece imagery, this is a red flag. Many autistic people do not like the puzzle piece due to the implication that we're missing something or are puzzles to be solved, as well as its strong association with a particularly controversial organization.

• They should always have a significant autistic presence on their board, and ideally be created by autistic people.

• Avoid orgs that use negative/dehumanizing language in relation to autism. Referring to autism as a tragedy or epidemic, autistic people as burdens, or encouraging parents to "grieve their lost child" are all red flags.

If you want to help or learn more about autistic people this month, rather than neurotypical-run orgs or friends with autistic children, try to seek out actual autistic people. Listening to autistic educators, supporting autistic creators and signal-boosting messages from autistic people are all great things you can do this April, and if you do donate, make sure it's to an org that actually centers autistic voices, be they typed, signed or spoken.

The hashtag #ActuallyAutistic was created by and for autistics as a way of finding and listening to autistic people about matters concerning them.

**Edit:** Thank you so much for the awards, and especially to all the autistic people who chimed in with their input and experiences. I never expected this to blow up as much as it did, and feel overwhelmed in both good and bad ways. I'm adding a final update to elaborate on a couple of things.

Regarding the post being vague/not naming names: I'm aware, and I agree it could have been worded better. I struggle with expressing myself succinctly, and on top of that was extremely wary of violating this sub's rules, particularly rule 6 with promoting charities or calls to arms, so I purposely did not directly name or link any particular organizations. The crux of what I wanted to convey with this post is that despite Autism Awareness Month being about autistic people, compared to big-name orgs and parents, autistic people's perspectives are rarely centered or listened to outside very specific spaces, and some ways to help change that.

Regarding the harm being done that's exacerbated in April, some examples are:

• Parents and caretakers posting videos of autistic people having meltdowns and in other vulnerable situations without their consent. Autistic people's most difficult, private moments are regularly filmed and uploaded online for all the world to see.

• Dangerous quack 'cures' being spread and consequentially inflicted on autistic people by their families and caretakers, including but not limited to unnecessary restrictive diets (when many autistic people already struggle with food), chelation, and feeding them bleach.

• Focusing almost exclusively on autistic children, and in some cases placing more focus on their caretakers than said children themselves, while ignoring the needs and continued presence of autistic adults. Autism is still falsely thought of by many people as something that only affects children or can be 'grown out of', but autistic children grow up to be autistic adults, and remain autistic for life.

• Anti-vaxxers using autistic people's existence for fearmongering.

• Sharing of dehumanizing and violent sentiments, such as parents wishing their autistic children had cancer instead of being autistic, and in some cases even wishing they would die. A major autism organization has shown a parent confessing to wanting to drive their autistic child off a bridge while said child was in the room with them and framed it in a sympathetic light. Many disabled people have been murdered by their caretakers, so much so that there is a [Disability Day of Mourning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disability_Day_of_Mourning), and this does not help the problem.
		-- u/Burly_Bara_Bottoms, 14328 upvotes, 0.84 ratio.
%
YSK that a megaBIT is different from a megaBYTE (1 megabyte = 8 megabits), it's a majorly confusing part of paying for internet speeds

Why YSK: So many people complain about paying for say, gigabit internet but only showing download speeds of 100 megabytes/second. Or paying for 150 mpbs and only getting 15 MB/s. You need to know that most data files are measured in BYTES, while download speeds are measured in BITS. Which means, don't pay for gigaBIT internet expecting to download a 5 gigaBYTE file in only 5 seconds, it will take at LEAST 8 times as long. So if your internet speeds looks way slower than you think you're paying, first check if you're measuring it in bits or bytes.

Edit: megabit = Mb, megabyte=MB
		-- u/ComprehensiveAmoeba7, 32284 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that a pet is a terrible gift.

Why YSK: Caring for a pet is an enormous amount of work. Animal shelters are often flooded with unwanted animals after the holidays as people figure this out.

Surprising someone with years of responsibility is a horrible idea. An animal should be something the person has planned for, knows how to take care of, and is a good match for them. If you want to give someone a pet, you should discuss it with them far in advance and let them choose. 

If someone wants a pet, give them toys or treats instead. They can pick out an animal on their own. 

Please don't give someone a puppy because it looks like they need one. Animals aren't for everyone. They may not have the time, resources or living situation to support it.

If your child wants a pet, bring them to a shelter to pick one out instead. Also be ready to care for it when your child slacks.
		-- u/Ajreil, 14921 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that a ton of quiet , well behaved children, grow up to have anxiety and depression. Pay attention to the kids in your life who seem perfectly fine.

Why YSK: I was one of those kids. I didn't throw tantrums, I didn't complain, I was quite and polite; a "perfect" child. Now I and many others who used to be like me have found ourselves to be depressed and anxious as adults. As far as what is the exact reasoning for that correlation , I'm not entirely sure. A safe assumption is that my lack of demand for attention meant I just never got it. If a kid in your life causes you no issues or headache, make sure to acknowledge them still. Don't use that as an opportunity to push them to the side and focus on other kids who are more needy.

Edit: Can't believe I have to say this but, obviously not all quiet well behaved kids are destined to grow up depressed and anxious. I said a lot do. My point is that often these types of kids fall through the cracks and are not paid attention to. Their reward for not causing a scene is being ignored. That or these kids are living in less than ideal situations and people assume that because they are well behaved, that they are handling it just fine.
		-- u/[deleted], 21633 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that abandoning a dog in a rural area in hopes that a farm will take them in is the worst thing you can do

 Why YSK:  Abandoned dogs in the country are almost certain to be shot and buried.

My wife and I own a small ranch in rural Texas. People frequently abandon dogs out here and I want people to know that when you abandon a dog out in the country, it is almost certain to be shot and buried.

Many people out in the country depend on animals for their livelihood -- dumping a random canine with killer instincts on someone elses property is not a victimless crime and contrary to popular belief, we take no joy in shooting dogs and burying them, but are left with little choice when no animal control / no shelters are available, and our livestock's lives are put at risk.

If you know someone who is thinking of abandoning their dog, please send them this article or convince them to take it to a shelter.

People suck.

[https://www.dogster.com/lifestyle/what-really-happens-to-most-dogs-who-get-dumped-in-the-country](https://www.dogster.com/lifestyle/what-really-happens-to-most-dogs-who-get-dumped-in-the-country)
		-- u/kbdcool, 28679 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that abortion is available online, if your laws prohibit it, or if you feel unsafe getting an abortion in public.

First of all, women shouldn't feel ashamed, or in danger when getting an abortion, but people are willing to label it as murder, and will treat it as such.

https://aidaccess.org  
More websites thanks to other informed users:   
https://womenhelp.org/  
https://www.womenonweb.org/

**If none of the above sites are available within time, and you live in the US, with the exception of 2 states, there is another, option available in your country. Misoprostol**  I am not too informed on this method, so I recommend you do your research on them. I cannot find the 2 states claimed to not condemn this drug either, but I am very bad at searching for states for laws this specific. Do your research on misoprostol if this is your final option, please, and consult a professional on how it may affect you.

**Important Edit:** I just realized that there **might** be limited accessibility during a pandemic. I apologize to those countries that might be restricted from this service.

#**If you cannot access abortion services for any reason, AidAccess.org will mail you the abortion pills for a donation amount of your choice.**

If you’re in an area where abortion is banned or restricted, you aren’t out of options. AidAccess is run by physicians and women’s rights advocates who offer abortion services internationally to women who may not otherwise have access. This includes the USA where abortion is heavily restricted in some states and often very expensive.

After a brief questionnaire, an advocate will mail a valid prescription, instructions, pills (plus some extras) and will even walk you through the steps if needed via SKYPE. The organization is based on donations, no minimum amount required.” 

EDIT: I forgot to mention that the user whom shared me this information encouraged this to get reposted, so I encourage you all to post this wherever it is relevant, **as recently another US state banned abortion, even if it involves incest, rape, and/or birth defects.**
		-- u/Kuritos, 19960 upvotes, 0.8 ratio.
%
YSK that acne can be caused by not having enough oil on your face. Acne treatments can actually worsen acne in individuals with dry skin.

Why YSK: The skin care industry as well as some Dermatologists may push the idea that the best treatment against acne and clogged pores is reducing oil from your skin. While this is helpful for people with oily skin, sufferers of acne with a tendency for dry skin may be lacking the natural oil barrier needed to hydrate skin at the top level. 

Without adequate oil, skin can get so dry that layers of dead skin cells can clog pores and cause cystic acne. Acne creams, toners, and cleansers can further dry out the skin.

I generally use jojoba oil on my face 1-3 times a week, and wipe off the excess. I'm not a dermatologist, but it's my understanding that jojoba oil is close to the viscosity of human skin oil, and thus, can cause acne if used by people with oily skin. But in my experience, all I've ever gotten is a whitehead or two when I've put on too much, which is much better than having cystic acne.

Once I've conditioned my face properly with jojoba oil, I can then use oil-free moisturizers without feeling a burning sensation or making my whole face red.

Here's some more information:
https://www.healthline.com/health/beauty-skin-care/jojoba-oil-for-face#antibacterial

Edit: wow this really exploded more than I thought it would! 

My skincare routine is generally just washing and rinsing my face with water and my hands, patting dry, applying jojoba oil when I feel dry skin come on every 1-3 days. Then I wipe off excess with a tissue or a microfiber towel, and I put on Neutrogena Hydroboost. Probably something better out there, but I'm thankful I figured out that jojoba oil worked to cut down my acne.

Also noted in the comments, jojoba oil is not non-comedomic so it can clog pores for some skin types. It just hasn't been my personal experience.

Edit: Everyone's skin is different. This may not be the solution for you. See a dermatologist. The main point of this YSK is to explain that some skin types don't have enough oil. It has only been in my experience through highschool, of dermatologists telling me to reduce the oil on my skin with acne cleansers. It wasn't until my late 20s that I was so fed up with my cystic acne that I decided to try what sounded absolutely counter to what I believed. You might need to repair your moisture barrier.

Edit: Typo fix
		-- u/SynthwaveVinyl, 17008 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that alcoholic drinks are freakishly caloric. Even spirits that don't taste sweet at all.

Why YSK: Because if you want to stay healthy you have to be doubly careful about alcohol. Not only because of it's intoxicating and because drinking to excess can damage organs. But it can also make you fat. So if you care about your weight, watch out how much you drink.

I kind of always knew that alcoholic drinks, like beer or wine, are somewhat caloric. But I assumed that spirits, like vodka, gin or whiskey are not. They do not taste sweet at all, and are just water, alcohol and some flavors, right? Surely then, in cocktails, the only thing that adds calories are the non-alcoholic additives, like sodas or syrup. So if I get a dark'n'stormy with a diet ginger beer, that's nothing, right?

Oh boy, was I wrong.

* beer has a "normal" amount of calories (40 kcal / 100 ml, or 200 kcal / pint)
* wine is more caloric (75 kcal / 100 ml, or 130 kcal / glass)

but here comes the real kicker:

* gin, vodka, whiskey or virtually any other strong spirit (200 kcal / 100 ml, or 90 kcal / shot)

So when you have your favorite rum and coke (say, 50 ml or rum, 150 ml non-diet coke, and ice), coke is actually the less caloric part...

Sources:

* [NHS (UK National Health Service)](https://www.nhs.uk/live-well/alcohol-support/calories-in-alcohol/)
* [Medline (US national library of medicine)](https://medlineplus.gov/ency/patientinstructions/000886.htm)
		-- u/Oficjalny_Krwiopijca, 10846 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that almost all interstates in the USA end in an odd number if the road runs north/south, and end in an even number if they run east/west.

Why YSK: This is a simple trick that can help with knowing your directions better, especially when traveling in an unfamiliar area. There are a few exceptions, however, but generally most interstate highways follow this format across the country.
		-- u/coreydfitzgerald, 17086 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that amazon’s reviews are no longer average of all the reviews, they use ML models which elevate the rating of products. Better to read few reviews to make your purchase decisions( hassle free purchases saves a lot of time and stress)

It states on their website that “Amazon calculates a product's star ratings based on a machine learned model instead of a raw data average. The model takes into account factors including the age of a rating, whether the ratings are from verified purchasers and factors that establish reviewer trustworthiness”
		-- u/[deleted], 18083 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that an 11 digit password that consists of just letters is over 100 times more secure than an 8 digit password with letters, numbers, and characters.

It takes about 57 days for a computer to figure out your password if it’s 8 digits and has numbers, letters and characters. On the other side, it takes 16 years for a computer to crack an 11 digit password that consists of just letters.

For other options:

A 9 digit password with everything takes a computer 12 years

Jumping from an 11 digit password to a 12 digit password that’s just letters gives you 600 years before a computer cracks your case.

For other options and to know what the bad options are, look at [this chart](https://imgur.com/gallery/sBjbgTV)

Edit: [Relevant XKCD comic](https://xkcd.com/936/)
		-- u/TOBIMIZER, 18446 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that an emergency room is not an "immediately" room.

Why YSK: Emergency room visits usually take several hours, with the average being around 3.7 hours in 2006 (source below). We have to draw labs and run imaging studies, all of which take time to result and interpret. If you come in, expect to be there for a few hours - not including the time you spend in the waiting room. If you have a chronic issue or do not want to wait in the ER and believe you can wait to be seen, consider making an appointment with your PCP, who can help you schedule outpatient labs and scans. 

The emergency room is not an "immediately" room - unless you come in with no pulse, it will take us some time to find what's wrong. We are happy to treat anyone who comes in at any time for any complaint, please just be patient with us while we try to help you!

As always, if you believe you're having a medical emergency, put down Reddit and call 911. 

(Citation in poor mobile formatting): https://medicalconnectivity.com/2006/06/01/average-length-of-stay-in-eds-nationwide-too-long/#:~:text=A%20recent%20study%20by%20Press,emergency%20departments%20is%203.7%20hours.
		-- u/evilfailure, 24308 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that apologizing to your children and admitting when you're wrong is what teaches them to have Integrity

There are a lot of parents with this philosophy of "What I say goes, I'm the boss , everyone bow down to me, I can do no wrong". 

This approach is detrimental to raising children who take accountability for their own actions. They need to see you admit to your faults, and you do owe them an apology when you mess up, even if you happen to think that "seems stupid because they're just a kid". 

Children learn by example, and they pick up on so many nuances, minutiae, and unspoken truths. 

You aren't fooling them into thinking you're perfect by refusing to admit mistakes - you're teaching them that to apologise is shameful and should be avoided at all costs. You cannot treat a child one way and then expect them to comport themselves in the opposite manner.

••••••••••••••••••••••••••

EDIT: uh, wow, this blew tf up. To address a few things from the comments:

- I'm a 35 y/o mother to a 3 y/o, and I try to practice what I preach. I'm not a child psychology expert by any means, (I just play one on the internet...), but I have done a considerable amount of research over the years on various parenting styles and techniques, and new studies that come out regarding the long term effects of them. I defer to experts and scientists.

- My father modeled a wonderful example by always apologizing and admitting when he was wrong, and it did not affect how we viewed him as the boss of the household. I also experienced the opposite with my biological mother, who is a clinically diagnosed Narcissist.

- For everyone who can relate and who has a story to share, please know that I will try my best to respond to your comments; thank you for your bravery in sharing your experiences.

*****

Thank you all so much for your kind words and the lovely shiny pixels, I'm so glad that this was well-received. Have a dope weekend, folks🖤
		-- u/griftylifts, 79550 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that applying Super Glue (cyanoacrylate) to cotton or wool results in a rapid chemical reaction that releases enough heat to cause minor burns. If enough cyanoacrylate is added to the cotton or wool, the fabric will catch on fire, making this a great trick to keep in mind in survival situations.

Generally, cotton and wool are readily available and cyanoacrylate is always a good thing to have on hand in first aid kits, due to its wound sealing ability.  So if you ever find yourself lost in the woods with nothing but a first aid kit and no other easy means to start a fire, this little trick might help you out.
		-- u/MountainsOfBubbles, 19125 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that archive.org has millions of books available for free, many of which are hard to find elsewhere on the internet

Why YSK: if you're doing homework, research, etc. and you are asked to consult a specific book which you don't possess, can't buy (either bc it's expensive or bc it's an old edition) and can't go to a library or get it another way, you can search there, and you may find it. For online class i was asked to cite an article of my country's civil code which was derogated, and no pdf had those articles, but i was able to find a version from the 1930s there. I've also found a couple textbooks which i needed for brief research.
		-- u/[deleted], 33448 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that as a patient you may have access to your medical provider's visit notes. Many organizations have implemented "Open Notes" using their electronic health record and many more will follow suit this Fall with changes in insurance requirements.

Why YSK: According to the OpenNotes organization and initiative having access to your notes improves patient compliance and increases provider accountability. As you can imagine it's a controversial topic among healthcare organizations and medical groups. To find out which organizations in your area have implemented Open Notes here's a link: [Open Notes Map](https://www.opennotes.org/join/map/)

Edit: Impacts U.S. Healthcare Organizations only
		-- u/[deleted], 12468 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that as a pedestrian, you should be able to see the driver's face before crossing at a crosswalk.

Why YSK : If you are crossing a crosswalk especially at an intersection with stop signs, if you can't see the driver, the driver may not see you.  Some vehicles have a blindspot between the windshield and the side doors.
		-- u/MrJQuinn, 14952 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that asking someone to help you move is different from asking someone to help you pack.

Why YSK:

When you ask someone to help you move, you should have your house clean and fully packed. That way they can help you move boxes and stuff, drive to the new place, help you unload, etc.

These people are generally not paid and are doing you a huge nightmare of a favor. Making them help you clean and/or pack your house is a terrible thing to do, unless you specifically tell them you need help *packing*.
		-- u/mattaphorica, 19674 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that asking your doctor to chart your request and their denial of testing will often result in getting the diagnostic tests you want

Plain and simple. Doctor refuses blood work or another diagnostic test? Ask them to put in your chart that you specifically requested the test and they denied it. Most doctors will just send you for the test.

EDIT- I have stated some things in the comments I thought I’d add up here just so I don’t need to repeat myself 

Don’t be a jerk to your physician. Do not be hostile or threatening. Ask politely for things to be documented. 

If you have the resources to “shop” for a doctor, please do! Look around until you find somebody who you trust completely. 

This is for actual medical problems that you are experiencing and not for curiosity’s sake. Medical testing is not something you do for fun. 

If you are asking for something unreasonable your doctor will refuse and still chart it. They are still in control of your health and should not be providing potentially dangerous testing because you asked for it. This includes any sort radiology, rare, or invasive procedures. 

Thank you
		-- u/EvaRawr, 24766 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that at 86 degrees Fahrenheit, asphalt temps can be 140 degrees. Your dogs paw pads can become SEVERELY burned. If they are picking their feet up one at a time, it’s a good indicator they need to move to a grassy or shaded area

People bring their pets with them to 4th of July celebrations without realizing how hot the asphalt gets. I’m a vet tech and watching the dogs pick their feet up one at a time while standing on it because it’s hurting them makes my heart hurt. I keep meaning to post this around the 4th because people love their pets they just don’t know. 

Protective booties can be purchased and even if they hate them at first, you’re doing the right thing for them and they’ll adjust. Or just keep them on the grass! Have a great weekend everyone
		-- u/Fuckmerit, 17627 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that attending university in Germany is free for everyone, no matter where you come from.

Some people can‘t believe it, but it’s true.
There are also programs for both bachelor and master completely in English.
There is tons of information out there!
A good start:
1.
[German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD)](https://www.daad.de/en/study-and-research-in-germany/)
2.
[Study in Germany](https://www.study-in-germany.de/en/)
You should also know: health insurance is mandatory (!) for everyone in Germany, it costs about ~$100 to ~$120 per month full coverage for students. The DAAD (German Academic Exchange Service) e.g. offers combined health, accident and personal liability insurance for trainees, students and academics - as well as their partners and children - who come to Germany.
In some states in Germany there is a small administrative fee for everyone to pay, mostly between ~$100 and ~$200 per semester (which often includes public transportation) and only in a few cases non-EU foreigners have to pay a tuition fee per semester - doing your research is key here!

Edit: Yes, you still have to pay for food and rent in Germany.
		-- u/taunux, 19100 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that being dehydrated drops your blood pressure which can make you feel depressed. This can also cause your heart to beat harder, causing anxiety.

Why YSK: if you are already prone to depression or anxiety, dehydration makes it feel much worse, and it's so easy to do by accident. Because you don't have enough volume of blood, its harder for your body to maintain blood flow. This causes your body to mimic the symptoms of depression (fatigue, brain fog, dizziness), which can cause you to think the depressed thoughts, causing your brain to make depression chemicals. When that makes you feel shitty enough, your heart will try to fix it by beating harder, raising your blood pressure, mimicking anxiety. Additionally, it becomes harder for your blood to carry oxygen, making you breathe harder, which for me is the one that causes me to panic.

This isn't a WoW tHaNkS iM cUrEd, but for me personally makes a huge difference. For hours today my anxiety was unmanageably high for no particular reason. After an almost-breakdown I chugged 20oz of water, took a few deep breaths, and 20 minutes later felt so much better it spawned me to write this.

[source](https://nopanic.org.uk/dehydration-anxiety/)

This message brought to you by r/hydrohomies

EDIT: lots of people being skeptical because I linked a "blog" (an anxiety-focused charity), so here's your scholarly article, [Effects of Dehydration and Rehydration on Cognitive Performance and Mood among Male College Students in Cangzhou, China: A Self-Controlled Trial](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6603652/#:~:text=As%20a%20conclusion%2C%20dehydration%20had,memory%2C%20attention%2C%20and%20reaction.).

Sorry for using such unscientific terms as "shitty" and "depression chemicals" on reddit of all places. Also can someone point out where I say depression isn't real and people just need to drink water? it's not like I'm telling people to replace their meds with hydration jeez louise 🙄🙄🙄
		-- u/humdrumdummydum, 25202 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that being told there's a 30 minute wait at a restaurant isn't always because the tables are all taken.

Why YSK: because too many people will go full Karen and lose their minds pointing at all the empty tables, and yelling wHy Do I hAvE tO wAiT wHeN tHeRe'S a TaBle RiGhT tHeRe?

Here's how 99% of kitchens operate. They have a set number of cooks in the kitchen every shift. Sometimes it's busier than normal, sometimes people call out, so you have less people doing more work. 

Also, restaurants do to go orders through Door Dash, Grub Hub, etc. and sometimes the to go screen is flooded with orders even if the dining area is only half full and it seems slow.

The majority of the time, the wait time has absolutely nothing to do with how full or empty the dining room is. It usually means the kitchen is extremely backed up, ticket times are through the roof, and rather than seat you and have you raise hell for 30 minutes about why your food is taking so long, they put you on a wait so the kitchen can somewhat catch up.

Next time you're informed of a wait, don't waste your time pointing at all the empty tables, because there's so much more going on that you don't see.
		-- u/AngryChefNate, 22733 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that blanks can still kill you

Many people assume that firing blanks from a firearm means that it makes a loud boom but can’t hurt you. This just isn’t true. It still expels heated gasses that will kill you at point blank range. Never, ever, handle a firearm if you don’t know firearm safety basics, how to operate that specific firearm, and how the ammunition you’re using works. On film sets, they have armorers who specialize in this and train actors in blank safety and other essentials, and people still die.

EDIT 1: From u/Gasoline_Dion in the replies:
YSK, the term 'point blank' does not necessarily mean right up close, but from a distance where there's no appreciable drop of the projectile.

EDIT 2: When I initially posted this I didn’t realize that so many people had been around blanks as a kid and didn’t know about this. This also reminded me of a time that I shot blanks as a teenager. My parents were very vocal about gun safety because one of my Mom’s high school friends accidentally shot himself way back when. Because my parents were so vocal about it, I have always used the utmost caution around guns, but it’s sad to see that many people weren’t taught that.

EDIT 3: From u/acornstu in replies:
For reference ar beer can launchers use blanks and can launch a bud light like 100 yards.

EDIT 4: Cap guns and co2 powered replica guns are NOT the same as using a real firearm with blank ammunition.

EDIT 5: Certain types of theatrical props and other “fake” guns may be relatively safe to fire at close quarters. This DOES NOT discount the fact that people have died from firing blanks and that you should always be careful. Some people have replied with personal anecdotes about how they have used blanks in the past and they’re actually safe. I would direct those people to re-read my statement about knowing your firearm and ammunition.
		-- u/Froggynoch, 21803 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that both The channels “Puppy Love” and “Pets Kittens” purposefully put animals in dangerous situations just so they can film themselves “rescuing” said animals

Why YSK: These people are abusing these animals, and many of them, despite getting “rescued” are likely actually dead because of the abuse they suffered. More attention needs to be brought to this so that Youtube can shut them down

Nick Crowley has a good video on this explaining the situation (Trigger warning, even though he blurs things out it can still be upsetting watching these animals getting abused)

In the video, he covered these two channels, originally called Happy Dog and Rescue Journey TV when the video was made. After the video both channels changed their names and turned off comments

Both videos will upload almost daily videos showing dogs and cats in almost impossible situations, just to pull them out, in some cases using the same dog or cat more than one time for multiple rescues and performing rescues that seem to garner the most views. 

It’s completely despicable and I have no doubt these aren’t the only two channels that do these things. There’s likely an entire plethora of channels with poor animals getting hurt just to gain internet fame. 

This needs more attention so that Youtube will finally step up and crack down on channels that do this, so that no more innocent animals need to get hurt just so someone can receive that internet clout

Edit. u/chillin_iceBear posted a link exposing even more channels that abuse animals

[This is the original video Nick Crowley posted that exposed the channels I listed ](https://youtu.be/p7nVntZpJLM) 

[This is the follow up he made that exposes even more](https://youtu.be/fqPXcv-IE0k)

Also as mentioned by several people [paymoneywubby made a video about this too](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mvVQCl8fIg)
		-- u/eicaker, 52416 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that buying a real Christmas tree is almost always environmentally better than buying a fake one.

There are a lot of reasons for this. The biggest misconception people have is that buying a real tree contributes to deforestation. This is wrong. Christmas trees are grown on farms just like any other crop, not harvested from an existing forest. And most Christmas trees take up to a decade to grow, so for any one tree you buy there are about 9 others growing in rotation (or more), which means Christmas tree farms provide a net benefit to air quality and wildlife.

And if you want to increase your environmentalism even more this holiday season, consider buying from a local farm. The shorter the tree has to travel, the better. And after the holidays, google some fun and creative ways that you can recycle or repurpose your tree with organizations around your town. You'd be surprised at what a Christmas tree can be used for!

Edit: a couple sources for the curious. 

[https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2018/dec/08/are-real-or-fake-christmas-trees-better-for-the-planet](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2018/dec/08/are-real-or-fake-christmas-trees-better-for-the-planet)

[https://www.nytimes.com/2018/11/26/business/energy-environment/fake-christmas-tree-vs-real-tree.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/11/26/business/energy-environment/fake-christmas-tree-vs-real-tree.html)

[https://climatekids.nasa.gov/christmas-tree/](https://climatekids.nasa.gov/christmas-tree/)  (yes I know this is "climate kids" or whatever but it's also NASA so I'm putting it on here.)
		-- u/BinarySpaceman, 28986 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that children should NEVER be forced to give hugs, kisses, or any other affection to anyone - including family members

Teaching kids about bodily autonomy from an early age is crucial, and giving them the tools to politely (but firmly) say "No" when they feel uncomfortable  performing affectionate acts is a great first step. 

Critically, this must include parents and other family members,  even if those people get their feelings hurt. The child's bodily autonomy and setting them up for their future as adults is more important than Great-Aunt Gertrude getting a halfhearted hug.

THIS ALSO APPLIES TO TICKLING. If a kid breathlessly asks you to stop tickling them, *even if they appear to be enjoying themselves and laughing*, it's important that you stop for them to catch their breath and do a quick check-in to see of they want to continue.

 Almost every time I've done this with my own son, he will ask for more tickles after catching his breath.

 It's about letting them know that their body belongs to THEM. 

**WHY YSK:**

Because everyone has the right to decide whether they want to be touched,  and that includes children,  from as early as possible. 

There are countless examples of all the dark things that kids suffer through every day which I don't need to get into, we all know what they are. 

To be clear, it is NEVER the child's fault if they are  victimized,  nor is this advice meant to be some kind of protection against evil. 

I'm a mother to a toddler, and my husband and I are in full agreement on this, practicing what we preach.  If kiddo doesn't want to get all cuddled up on, he knows he can always refuse and we will listen.
		-- u/griftylifts, 39404 upvotes, 0.84 ratio.
%
YSK that cleaning or doing household chores can improve your mental health and brighten your mood

Many studies have shown that making your bed, doing the dishes or many others activities improve your mental health and give you a sense of accomplishment and you also keep your house clean and tidy.

Here is just one of the many sites that explain this:

https://www.google.com/amp/s/goodyfeed.com/8-household-chores-health-benefits-didnt-know/amp/

P.S.: Sorry for any mistakes, I'm Italian
		-- u/VforVase, 11762 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that companies like Teleflora, FTD, and 1-800-Flowers don't actually have physical stores. They're just middle-men who take orders, charge you a 20% service fee, and then turn around and charge the local floral shop a finder's fee. So shop local and keep your money in your flowers.

They also display their flowers on their websites as "one sided" arrangements, so they look much smaller once you receive them.
		-- u/kellysuepoo, 12818 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that complimenting another child for doing something right instead of scolding the one that did something wrong is healthier and more effective for the [scolded] child

**WHY YSK:** A lot of parents and teachers will immediately punish at a child that makes a mistake (be it by yelling at them, telling them to stop, or even calling them stupid) without realizing that it just harms the child, and more than likely, the child will make the mistake again.

However, telling a different child that they did the correct thing in that situation will make the child want to get that same praise, and therefore; the child will fix their mistake without you telling them.

**for example**: if you wanted to punish a child who didn't put away their toys after using them, say:

"Abby, I really appreciate that you put away your toys today. Thank you very much."

Most children will want to get that compliment, so they will do the same. This worked for a lot of teachers I've told it to, and worked with some of my friends' children.

And most importantly, it worked on me.

**edit 1:**  I changed the first sentence to exclude "siblings".  u/Qwerky4444 said: "*This works really well for large groups of children. But if you use this with siblings, it just breeds resentment and can lead to bullying.*" I fully agree.

**edit 2:** I just woke up and I’m in disbelief that this post blew up. This was just a thought in my head and I decided to write it.

**edit 3:** Read the comments. These guys know what they’re talking about (at least some of them) and they know a lot more about raising children than I do :)
		-- u/ThanksForTheGoldBro, 26825 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that cooked chicken bones are dangerous for your pets. They tend to shatter and create shards that can tear up an animal’s insides.

Raw chicken bones are fine but be careful of cooked bones
		-- u/physchy, 35251 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that defrosting a frozen turkey in the refrigerator takes approximately 24 hours for every 4-5 pounds of turkey. For a 24-pound turkey you should start defrosting it 6 days in advance.

Why YSK: With Thanksgiving coming up soon you'll need to make sure you're allowing enough time to completely defrost your bird.

[https://www.fsis.usda.gov/food-safety/safe-food-handling-and-preparation/poultry/turkey-basics-safe-thawing](https://www.fsis.usda.gov/food-safety/safe-food-handling-and-preparation/poultry/turkey-basics-safe-thawing)
		-- u/Lagavulin16_neat, 11656 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that despite what is often portrayed in pop culture, most adult cats are actually lactose intolerant and giving them milk can lead to vomiting or diarrhea.

Source: https://www.prestigeanimalhospital.com/services/cats/blog/why-cats-and-cows-milk-dont-mix
		-- u/Shasnas69, 21582 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that different people have different tolerance levels of suffering/enduring hardships and comparing different situations is not always helpful.

While it can be good to remind oneself that "others may have it worse" to help put things into perspective when going through a hard time, it's never good to put down someone else's suffering because you've had it worse.

Edit1: thanks for the awards kind people!

Edit2: lots of people have made the very good point that this applies to how we respond to our own suffering internally too. Yes, it's unhelpful to  downplay someone else's hardship because you've had it worse. But we often do that to ourselves by not allowing ourselves to acknowledge hardship due to guilt stemming from the fact that other may have it worse. It's important to find the balance between not making our hardship out to be more than it is, which can be unhelpful to ourselves and result in being unnecessarily overwhelmed or getting ourselves into a tizz, and not making ourselves feel guilty for having a hard time because it's not that bad compared to others. Obviously there has to be a line somewhere and some "hardship" could be said to be objectively minor, but I strongly believe that being aware of the above mentioned concept can be helpful.
		-- u/bread-in-captivity, 31631 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that dogs are much more likely to come back and drop the toy when playing fetch if you have another toy in your hand ready to throw.

Why YSK: This is particularly useful with dogs when they are stubborn and won't bring the ball/frisbee back and especially when they won't drop it for you to throw again. Just show them the new toy and they'll drop what's in their mouth. Throw the backup and grab the last toy for the next round of fetch.

Edit: Jesus Christ, people. This is not meant to completely replace any and all training while playing fetch. Of course you should still teach your dog to drop the toy and of course there are many ways to teach them that, but the reality is that most dogs just want to play and most people don't necessarily feel the need to treat play time with their dog like a military boot camp. This trick is only meant to help incentivize your dog to drop the toy and keep play time moving smoothly. I promise that everyone can still have a well trained and well behaved dog even if they utilize this method.
		-- u/Revenge_of_the_Khaki, 24075 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that domesticated cats are the top 100 most invasive species in the world and should be kept indoors as to avoid the potential eradication of other species

Keeping a cat indoors is the safest option for for the cat and as long as the cat is provided plenty of tools to exercise their instincts, they are perfectly happy. Besides the benefits of a cat being kept indoors in terms of safety and avoiding illnesses such as FIV, cats are not natural predators in many areas and have single handedly been the cause of endangerment and even extinctions of hundreds of species of birds and other small animals. Please keep your cats indoors and lets not do the environment more harm than we have already done.

Edit: Thank you kind redditors for my first awards ever 😊🎉
		-- u/urimah, 25285 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that dump trucks are still liable for damage caused by debris falling from their truck, whether they have a “Stay Back” or “Not Responsible” sign/sticker or not.

Why YSK: Trucking companies will put signs/stickers on their trucks saying “Stay Back 300 Feet” (the distance varies) or “Company Not Responsible For Damage” as a way to prevent people from making insurance claims against them for chipped/cracked windshields, headlights, paint damage, etc. However, they actually *are* liable, because they’re required to properly secure their load, no matter what it is. So if a clump of dirt, for example, falls off of the bed sides or the truck hits a bump and a rock comes out of the bed, and it hits your car, they are liable for the repairs to your car. 

Advice I was given by a LEO was to get the information from the truck and report it to my insurance, and let them fight the trucking company. The information you’d need includes the company name, truck license plate number or truck number (companies with multiple trucks will generally put a number somewhere on the side of the hood, or a rear corner of the cab; it’s usually a two or three digit number), what road you were on and where on that road it happened, direction of travel for both of you, and what it was that caused the damage (if you’re able to tell.) If you can’t tell what exactly it was that hit your vehicle, don’t lie and say it was something, because if you say it was a rock, but the truck was hauling mulch, they can use that to contest your claim. Also, if you can’t safely read or find a license plate (most states don’t have rear plates for trucks that size), a description of the truck. This isn’t a comprehensive list of details that you should compile, as always, the more information you have the better off you’ll be.

To be clear: this only includes things that fall off of or out of the trucks. It does not include things that may have been kicked up off the road. For example, if a truck hits a rock on the road, and that causes it to fly up and hit your windshield, that’s considered a road hazard, and they *aren’t* liable for that.
		-- u/SirFister13F, 21377 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that during the current world climate, many companies are delaying bill payments, however, your bill is STILL ACCUMULATING!

Many companies such as T-Mobile and Spectrum are working with customers to extend their bill by 60 days. However your bill will still accumulate and not suspend. There are many companies that are not telling people this so I felt I should let people know who need to go this route(such as myself). Consider trying to pay down your bills during your grace period or expect massive sized bills to hit you once we are past all this.

EDIT: wow my first silver award! Thanks!

EDIT 2: Plus 1 award!! Thank you! I’ve never gotten any award before this post!

EDIT 3: GOLD!! Thank you fellow reditors for all the awards. I just hope this information is useful for anyone who needed to read this.
		-- u/Stretch407, 15606 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that eating chicken or pork instead of beef saves about 80% as much in carbon emissions as going vegetarian.

Beef is probably the most delicious of meats.  I really like beef.  I cook a mean steak.  I've made beef wellington, red wine braised short ribs, korean BBQ beef, dry-aged steaks, 1/2lb pub burgers, (perfectly medium rare in the middle), surf  turf, 24-hour slow-smoked brisket (sweet jesus it was good)... you name it.  Beef was always my go-to.  Beef is the best meat. But I recently had to face up to the fact that it's the worst meat for the environment.  Cows create the most climate-change-causing emissions of any common farm animal.

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/heres-how-much-giving-up-beef-helps--or-doesnt-help--the-planet/2017/07/20/03bb5ba2-6d60-11e7-b9e2-2056e768a7e5\_story.html?utm\_term=.ad62ffade048](https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/heres-how-much-giving-up-beef-helps--or-doesnt-help--the-planet/2017/07/20/03bb5ba2-6d60-11e7-b9e2-2056e768a7e5_story.html?utm_term=.ad62ffade048)

According to this study, if you ate rice instead of beef once a week for a year, you would save 326 kilos of carbon. Chicken / Pork save 266 and 270 respectively - a large fraction of that 320.  This is also taking into account methane for its effect on climate change and counting it as an equivalent amount of carbon.  Cows release a lot of methane (lol yes farts) and it's enough to severely impact the climate.

You don't need to radically change your life to start steering in the right direction. Make chicken or pork your default option when picking out your protein, or get the veggie option once in a while.  Yes, there are bigger and better changes we could (and will probably need to) make to save the planet.  But all you need to do to get started is ask for chicken instead of steak at Chipotle.  I for one can live with that.   From now on beef is only for special occasions, and I'll try and get beef that was raised by grazing.
		-- u/ancient_scroll, 16004 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK that email etiquette goes a long way and your question is likely to be answered much faster if you're nice.

**Why you should know**: because being polite to people who get the same enquiry 20 times every day will get your problem sorted much faster.

I work in a college, and my job is to make sure applicants get housing. Every year, there is a waiting period before we allocate housing which applicants are informed of *many* times, and we get emails ranging from:

*'Dear XXX, I know you get this question a lot but when might we hear about housing allocations?'*

to:

*'Why have my friends heard about housing and not me? I'm pissed with waiting.'*

(Both are verbatim)

The former **will definitely get answered first**, even if it comes in later. When you send an email to a company, you're sending a written correspondence to a human who is often paid the least in their office for very repetitive work. It is commonplace among my colleagues and colleagues in other colleges to basically not give a rat's ass about your enquiry at all.

In the case of the former, employees may even use loopholes in the bureaucracy to help you out and give as much information as possible.

In the case of the latter, employees will likely make use of the absolute official channels to ensure you get drowned in a sea of bureaucracy; you'll be restricted by the letter of service level agreements, and your email will absolutely not be a priority.
		-- u/yorkshirenation, 13382 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that enabling "2-Factor Authentication" is literally your best defense against hackers and bots

**tl;dr**

If you are not using 2FA for critical accounts, then it will only be a matter of time until your account is compromised. In a [somewhat recent study by Google](https://security.googleblog.com/2019/05/new-research-how-effective-is-basic.html), they found that accounts using some kind of Authenticator app (like Duo, Google Authenticator, etc...) "helped prevent 100% of automated bots, 99% of bulk phishing attacks and 90% of targeted attacks."

**How are your accounts stolen?**

Within days of Disney+ launching, "thousands of the streaming service accounts were already up for sale on various hacking forums" \[[source](https://www.wired.com/story/disney-plus-hacks-credential-stuffing/)\]. This wasn't because the platform was hacked, the accounts were compromised because people reused their username/password from other accounts that have had a data breach across multiple accounts. This is called **credential stuffing**, which is the process where " You just take a set of user names and passwords that have leaked in previous breaches, throw them at a given service, and see which ones stick." In fact, there have been so many data breaches that there is now a resource floating around the darknet called "Collection 1" which contains 773 million leaked user account records \[[source](https://www.troyhunt.com/the-773-million-record-collection-1-data-reach/)\]. There is a good chance that one or more of your accounts are on that list, and it is only a matter of time before someone tries logging into one of your accounts. (A side YSK: you can check to see if your account is in one of these breaches by visiting the website [havibeenpwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com/).)

But credential stuffing isn't the only way that you might have a breached account--if you handle any kind of sensitive information personally or for work, then you are likely going to be the target of **phishing** or **spear phishing** attacks (if you have not already been). According to recent 2019 stats, "76% of businesses reported being a victim of a phishing attack in the last year," and "30% of phishing messages get opened by targeted users" which means that if your account was not caught up in a large data breach, there is a real possibility that your account may be stolen directly by an adversary \[[source](https://retruster.com/blog/2019-phishing-and-email-fraud-statistics.html)\]

**What is 2FA?**

Two-factor authentication (2FA) is a really simple concept: you have to provide two different 'tokens' from different bands to prove that you are who you say you are. This means you can't just supply two passwords (those are both 'something you know'), instead, you should supply something you 'know' (a password) and something you 'have' (your phone.) A really common form of 2FA is where you put in a password and then you follow that up by entering in a 4-5 digit pin code that is sent to you via SMS. However, a stronger form of this would be to use an Authenticator app (like Duo, Google Authenticator, etc...) as SMS has proven to be insecure.

**How effective is 2FA?**

As indicated in the tl;dr section, Google paired with "researchers from New York University and the University of California, San Diego to find out just how effective basic account hygiene is at preventing hijacking." \[[source](https://security.googleblog.com/2019/05/new-research-how-effective-is-basic.html)\] In this study, they determined how digital hygiene behaviors could impact the success rates of automated bots, bulk phishing attacks, and targeted attacks. What they found wasn't surprising: the more security the account had, the harder it was to get into the account. According to the study they found that "an SMS code sent to a recovery phone number helped block 100% of automated bots, 96% of bulk phishing attacks, and 76% of targeted attacks. On-device prompts, a more secure replacement for SMS, helped prevent 100% of automated bots, 99% of bulk phishing attacks and 90% of targeted attacks."

This effectively means that the attacker would need to have access to both your username/password, as well as your phone. In theory, this is perfect security. However, in reality, adversaries are adapting to try and phish both the password and SMS code. Still, experts claim that this is likely one of the best things you can add to protect your account. Even if you don't' do it everywhere, turn it on for the following:

* your bank
* you main email
* your work account
* your social media

**I should say as a disclaimer though:** if a skilled attacker really wants to get into your account then they are likely going to be successful. But, 2FA will slow them down considerably.

**Edit:** a few commenters reminded me that [https://twofactorauth.org/](https://twofactorauth.org/) exists. This is a great website that includes a "List of websites and whether or not they support 2FA"

**Edit 2:** Thanks for the gold! I am so happy that folks find this useful and helpful!

**Edit 3:** And thanks for the New Year's resolution gold! I didn't think about it, but upping your personal account security would make a great new year's resolution!
		-- u/sc0ut_0, 17449 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that even if you have an emergency window breaking tool, it is nearly impossible to break a modern car window if you hit the center. Hit the corner in order to break it.

I was pretty surprised by this. I keep a window breaker in my car. Had I not learned this, it wouldn't have done me any good.
		-- u/RCampbell47, 12533 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that even if your item is 1 day late and you have amazon prime you can get reimbursed atleast $10. Most I’ve got was $20 and the item itself cost $18. You can do this with no limits ( at least in my experience)

You can chip off a healthy amount of your prime fees doing this

How to ask for compensation!

1. Copy this pre-written message (to submit to Amazon).
Hi - my order #xxx-xxxxxxxx-xxxxxxx was supposed to arrive on August 08 but arrived on August 09. Could you help me get compensated for the delay through your shipping promise? Thank you very much.

2. Open the live chat with Amazon, paste the above text and submit.
		-- u/Btc_noob321, 25077 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that everyone would do things differently if they had a re-do on their life. Don't focus on what mistakes you've made and try to enjoy what makes your life unique.

Why YSK: Sometimes we focus on what we should have done differently, but we should know that everyone would have done things differently at some point. Learn from it and move on. Your life is unique, embrace and build onto the good.
		-- u/DrManBearPig, 15285 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that floor mats for your car (at least for the driver) are not something you should just buy cheap on Amazon from a random brand.

Aftermarket floor mats can and have caused deaths because they slip onto the pedals. The car manufacturer would probably be held liable if their mats caused accidents so they are very careful to have them fit and not slip around during driving. For aftermarket mats, you should not buy some no-name mats from a company you've never heard of who probably bought them for a couple of dollars on Alibaba. If you're going aftermarket, do some research on the brand to make sure they are reputable, and I don't just mean Amazon reviews I mean go look at their website, search online to see if they caused any accidents, etc...

Most authorized dealerships will refuse to put aftermarket mats back in a vehicle they work on and instead put them in the trunk so they can't be held liable if those mats cause an accident for this reason.
		-- u/Bibo193896423, 16247 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that following the arrows in stores is not an inconvenience, but rather a way to reduce crowding in aisles and protect the people who are shopping there.

Today I went shopping for groceries with my dad who is immunocompromised. Before anyone says "oh he should just stay home", please know that he rarely leaves the house already and going to the grocery store is one of the only places he can go relatively safely and choose what food he wants. Also, he works full time so he can't just take time off to go during the special hours. 

The arrows at the store are quite large and mark which way traffic should flow. In one of the aisles,  my dad politely asked a couple to follow the arrows and turn around so he could get through. They waved him off and said no one cares anyways. He then told them he was immunocompromised and they said "then don't f-ing come to the store" and flipped him off. He was pretty angry at this and was kinda muttering under his breath about how it's not that hard to follow the f-ing arrows. A lady in the aisle overheard and called him very rude. We just kept walking and finished our shopping. 

So tldr: follow the arrows because you never know who is shopping and it's really not that hard to do.

edit: spelling

edit 2: Wow, I was not expecting this. To respond to some of you, yes it is an inconvenience (I didn't word it right), but my point is that it's really not that difficult to walk the extra couple of feet to get what you are looking for. So as a couple people pointed out, it is both an inconvenience and a way to reduce crowding. It doesn't bother me that much if it's something right at the end of the aisle, but if it's all the way at the other end, just go around. To the people saying my dad should just stay home, you try not going out for months. Stir-crazy is a nice way to put how he's feeling at the moment. We avoid crowds in the aisles because people are definitely not physical distancing. And to follow up on someone's comment about this being a useless post: it's not. Clearly people in the comments do not care about others, let alone following a couple arrows. They may not be the best system, but if everyone actually paid attention to them, maybe they'd work for a change. The couple in this situation could've just as easily apologized and not been complete assholes to my dad, but such is the world we live in. So basically thanks for the support and just be considerate to others. You follow the arrows when driving and when you're waiting in line for something so why can't you do it in a store?
		-- u/greenbeanbunny, 22567 upvotes, 0.8 ratio.
%
YSK that for over 50% of the United States population, the combination of someone's 5-digit zip code, gender, and date of birth is unique to only one person. Be careful with the information you share online-- it's more identifiable than you think.

Why YSK:

We often underestimate how much information we're really sharing online.  It might not feel like we're identifying ourselves by sharing a few generic pieces of information about ourselves.  But given just how easily identifiable we become after sharing just a few pieces of information, it might be worth reconsidering what you share (or are truthful about) online.

[Source (references 10 and 11)](https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/privacy/special-topics/de-identification/index.html#_edn10)

Edit: Date of birth includes the year.  A lot of people have been trying to work out the math.  If you're interested in digging deeper, please check out the source I linked.
		-- u/[deleted], 25283 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that for you guys, you can get the "last drop" out quickly by a simple gesture

 Ok guys, I'll tell you something you'll thanks me all your life for.

When you finished peeing, put your finger down there, behind your balls, just between your legs, and push gently upward. You'll feel the last drop stuck coming forward and going out your penis.

In fact, your urethra does something like a valley and "the last drop" is the lake in this valley. You can see it [here](https://media.springernature.com/lw685/springer-static/image/chp%3A10.1007%2F978-3-030-21447-0_2/MediaObjects/468369_1_En_2_Fig1_HTML.jpg) (crossed by a black line).

Why YSK: The "last drop" is a struggle for many men as it often finish its course in the underwear and this inconvenience can be avoided easily.
		-- u/hkllopp, 12865 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that getting in to ocean water with an exposed wound could cause life-threatening infection

Why YSK: Recently, there are several deaths from rare flesh- eating bacterial infection reported in states of FL, NY and RI. The bacteria, Vibrio vulnificus found in shellfish could cause this infection if entered through a fresh wound from ocean water. Apparently, 1 in 5 people who get infected dies from the infection. Also, the bacteria can enter by eating raw or partially cooked shellfish.
  

  
Group of us went to the beach and one of us walked in the shallow water with a fresh wound, later found out they should not have done that. 

citations: [https://www.cdc.gov/foodsafety/communication/oysters-and-vibriosis.html](https://www.cdc.gov/foodsafety/communication/oysters-and-vibriosis.html) 

[https://www.cbsnews.com/news/vibrio-vulnificus-flesh-eating-bacteria-florida-new-york-connecticut-dead/](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/vibrio-vulnificus-flesh-eating-bacteria-florida-new-york-connecticut-dead/)


		-- u/Tddi123, 15144 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that giving up exercise to study more may actually be damaging to your learning.

In fact, the idea that student athletes somehow are amazingly exceptional may not be accurate. The fact is, if you exercise, you produce Brain Derived Neutrophic Factor (BDNF) which helps with learning, and as an added benefit, helps with anxiety and depression!

So don't give up your training for a few more hours of studying--you might be inhibiting yourself!

sources:

 [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4915811/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4915811/)

 [https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/vitality/201407/the-neuroscience-vitality-tip-3-boost-iq-bdnf](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/vitality/201407/the-neuroscience-vitality-tip-3-boost-iq-bdnf)
		-- u/[deleted], 11973 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that glue traps are cruel and kill much more than target species

Glue traps for mice and other small animals cause cruel suffering and an inhumane death for the animals caught on them. Animals struggle and continue to only get more attached to the glue, and die a slow death of dehydration and intense stress. I once found an old glue trap in a closet at my former workplace that had SIXTEEN dead animals on it including skinks and a tiny ringneck snake. 

Please do not use these traps and discourage others from using them too. Often they are forgotten and the animals caught die in distress. If you find an animal on one of these traps, you can remove it with vegetable oil.
		-- u/oreotragus, 11013 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK that grapefruit and medicines can possibly be a fatal combination

Why YSK: eating or drinking grapefruit juice while taking medication can be very dangerous. Orally ingested medicines have an absorption rate under 100% - sometimes only 25% of the active ingredient in the drug makes it into your blood stream. This is accounted for when prescribing the right dose. Furanocoumarins found in grapefruit and some other fruits can increase absorption and possibly lead to fatal overdoses. This doesn't happen for all medicines but better to be on the safe side and Always ask your doctor.

[source here](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grapefruit%E2%80%93drug_interactions)
		-- u/OddParrot14, 14352 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that grapes are HIGHLY TOXIC to dogs

Dont feed them grapes
		-- u/bertcaers3, 30010 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that having sex as a woman will not effect the tightness if your vagina

This is a myth perpetuated by men in order to shame women for having a prolific sex life. Your "body count" has absolutely nothing to do with the tightness of your vagina. 

**Myth #1: sex is what loosens the vagina**
Your vagina only ever loosens from age and childbirth. Even then, the loosening is extremely mild. Sex does not stretch the vagina permanently. 

**Myth #2: Women are tighter from lack of penetration**
Tightness actually results from climaxing, unfulfilling sex, and lack of foreplay. Being "too tight" to enjoy sex is likely a sign of an underlying and potentially treatable issue with a woman's reproductive system. 

**Myth #3: Women who have many sex partners have large/deformed/hanging labias**
Sex has no effect on the size or shape of a woman's labia. Women shamed for having "roast beef" labias are born with them and they do not result from any sex. It has no correlation to the tightness of one's vagina and shames both women and girls alike over something so unbelievably miniscule. 

**Why is it important that women know this?**
Because it is important for everyone, male or female, to understand their own bodies. This particular issue is one that is very widespread and very commonly believed. However, they are only myths perpetuated by men to shame women who are sexually active. There is no reason to feel any guilt nor shame for engaging in sexual activities as a female, and there are no physical consequences so long as protection is used. Don't let yourself be shamed over something that is blatantly incorrect. If anyone tries to, feel free to point out that they are wrong. 

Hopefully this will help some ladies understand their bodies better and not feel ashamed about their sex lives, as well as prevent them from feeling ashamed in the future. I also hope that this will help men understand women's anatomy a bit better. 

**Sources:**

https://www.healthline.com/health/womens-health/loose-vagina#takeaway

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/all-about-sex/201109/the-rare-truth-about-tight-and-loose-women%3famp

https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/325890.php

https://www.google.com/amp/s/metro.co.uk/2017/10/23/lets-have-a-chat-about-the-obsession-with-vaginal-tightness-7021388/amp/

**Edit:**

Holy shit, I did not expect this to blow up the way it did. It was definitely a surprise waking up to 3 awards and 140 notifications. 

First off, I'd like to address the first sentence of my post. Women contribute to the spreading of this myth, however, it was originally created and spread by men. Women were and still are, told these myths by men for the sake of slut shaming. So yes, women are somewhat at fault, but men are the main perpetrators. 

Secondly, thank you so much for the platinum, gold, and silver awards!! This is absolutely amazing and completely made my day. I sound like a broken record to my friends with how much I keep talking about the responses to this post. 

Thirdly, no, your anecdotal evidence and feelings  do not outweigh scientific evidence and trusted sources. Stop that.
		-- u/OofieElfie, 11279 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that having your lights on while driving in fog or rain is just as important for you to be able to see as it is for other drivers to see you

Why YSK: Today is extremely foggy where I am and a little over 20% of the cars on the road did not have their lights on. Not only is this extremely dangerous it is technically illegal in many states. 

Please turn your lights on, you are not as visible as you think.

Edit: 
to everyone saying “but it’s common sense”. You’re right it is but that didnt stop the hundreds of people driving today that didn’t have their lights on. 

In terms of location: it is the massholes for me
		-- u/gecko_14, 18032 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that i.e. and e.g. are not interchangeable

This happens all the time where people misuse these two expressions. 

When you want to provide examples, e.g. is appropriate. So it’s correct to say “There were many fruits (e.g. lemons and apples),” but not to say “(i.e. lemons and apples).” i.e. is correctly used only when the thing after the i.e. is exactly what you’re referring to. So “he ate his two favorite fruits (i.e. lemons and apples),” is correct. And “(e.g. lemons and apples)” would not be correct. Lemons and apples aren’t *examples* of his two favorite fruits, they *are* his two favorite fruits. 

I know this sounds pedantic but it can lead to a ton of confusion since the two expressions mean fairly different things.
		-- u/[deleted], 37351 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that if an oncoming vehicle is flashing their lights at you for no reason it's likely there is a cop up ahead attempting to catch you speeding with radar

You can thank that oncoming vehicle by paying it forward!

Edit: All the Australians in the comments are super triggered, SO: if you live in Australia don't flash your lights for any reason or you will apparently spend the rest of your life in prison.
		-- u/DeejayeB, 38984 upvotes, 0.84 ratio.
%
YSK that if attached your bank account to Venmo, a company called Plaid is recording all your back account activity.

Why YSK: Plaid, which Venmo uses, stores your bank account password and uses it to record all your activity.

Plaid was recently sued by a bank:
https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/td-bank-files-lawsuit-against-plaid-accusing-it-of-trying-to-dupe-consumers-1.5145326

&gt;	"In reality, however, consumers are unwittingly giving their login credentials to the defendant, who takes the information, stores it on its servers, and uses it to mine consumers' bank records for valuable data (e.g., transaction histories, loans, etc.), which the defendant monetizes by selling to third parties," TD claimed in the court records.

Other apps that use Plaid: Robinhood, Coinbase, Betterment, and Acorns.
		-- u/HarmoniousDroid, 33518 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if you are ever exposed to HIV, male or female, going to a doctor or ER and receiving the 'HIV Plan B', Post-Exposure Prophylaxis, will severely reduce your chances of contracting the disease.

Not a substitute for proper needle handling or safe sex.

Post-Exposure Prophylaxis (PEP) involves taking anti-HIV medications as soon as possible after you may have been exposed to HIV to try to reduce the chance of becoming HIV positive. These medications keep HIV from making copies of itself and spreading through your body.

To be effective, PEP must begin within 72 hours of exposure, before the virus has time to make too many copies of itself in your body. PEP consists of 2-3 antiretroviral medications and should be taken for 28 days. Your doctor will determine what treatment is right for you based on how you were exposed to HIV. PEP is safe but may cause side effects like nausea in some people. These side effects can be treated and are not life threatening. PEP is not 100% effective; it does not guarantee that someone exposed to HIV will not become infected with HIV.

https://aids.gov/hiv-aids-basics/prevention/reduce-your-risk/post-exposure-prophylaxis/

		-- u/[deleted], 13812 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that if you are homeless or in need of an address to use for free, General Delivery from the United States Post Office is what you need.

Why YSK: Besides P.O. boxes - which cost money - general delivery is a way to receive mail - for free - at any post office across the United states.

All you have to do is address the envelope as follows:

Your Name  
General Delivery  
City, State, Zip Code. 

Each zip code only has one hub post office. So if you need something to come to your post office, all you need is the correct zip.

Also, please know that you must have a valid ID to retrieve anything sent to general delivery. But I've used general delivery as my address for many things, including food stamps. It does work and it works well.

I can't link to the general delivery FAQ (because the post will be removed), but if you just Google "what is general delivery" you will get all the information you could possibly ever need.
		-- u/EveryXtakeYouCanMake, 16861 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you are in an emergency while abroad and do not immediately know the emergency number of the country, dialing 911 would get you redirected to emergency services in many countries. However, the official emergency number worldwide is 112.

Why YSK: Travelling abroad can be fun and full of uncertainties, even with the best preparations. And sometimes you need the emergency number not for yourself but to help someone else.

Edit: An additional tip, thanks to u/mrbill1234, you can dial 112 from any GSM phone for free, even if it has no SIM, even if you don't know the unlock PIN, and even if it has been blocked as stolen. It will connect to the best available network which has reception at your location.

Edit 2: to clarify that 112 is the most common official emergency number worldwide, but not in all countries, as some commenters have observed.
		-- u/poyup, 14968 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you are over 65 you can get your tuition waved at any public university. Every state has something like this and in some states it’s as low as 60

This is extremely useful especially for retired people. You could learn something new and maybe start a hobby. Take an art class or photography or get a better understanding of biology. Whatever you desire.

Edit: waived*

Edit 2: 

Here is a link to a list of the rules for all 50 states

~~https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.thepennyhoarder.com/save-money/free-college-courses-for-senior-citizens/amp/~~

Non amp link (whatever that means but some people said amp links are bad. Idk): https://www.thepennyhoarder.com/save-money/free-college-courses-for-senior-citizens/

Edit 3: since some have complained: **USA ONLY**

Edit 4: I understand how there could be some anger here. Trust me I’m 17 and leaving for college in just a matter of months. But please don’t direct that anger at me. Thank you to those who have been more nice and understanding.
		-- u/[deleted], 15760 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if you are planning a surprise for someone on an important day that giving them a small treat at the beginning of the day to show you remembered will be a much better cover and positive experience for them than making them miserable thinking you forgot or didn’t care about them.

Soooo many people (three that I’ve read on Reddit today alone) think that it will be cool and a great cover to make the person think that they forgot or don’t care about a birthday or anniversary etc.  All it does is make the person sad and miserable all day.  And then when the surprise happens they feel guilty and ashamed for feeling sad and miserable.  All around not good.

Edit: Aw!  Thanks for the award!
		-- u/tmccrn, 34734 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if you aren’t getting a 2% raise every year, you’re losing money(in the USA).

Why YSK: The annual inflation rate for the USA is [about 2%](https://www.statista.com/statistics/244983/projected-inflation-rate-in-the-united-states/). Every 5 years, you’ll have 10% less purchasing power, so make sure you’re getting those raises whether it be asking your boss or finding a new job at a new place.
		-- u/EpicBlueDrop, 49429 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that if you care about the bees, you shouldn't be mowing or killing the dandelions on your lawn in the early springtime.

Why YSK: According to experts, in early spring dandelions can be a crucial food source for the bees after a long winter of living off their reserves. Spring can be a difficult time for the bees as they become active at 10C/50F, which is usually well before many pollinating flowers have bloomed. Dandelions grow early in the season in large numbers, and quickly generate lots of pollen for the bees to collect. 

Source: [https://www.theweathernetwork.com/ca/news/article/heres-why-you-shouldnt-mow-dandelions-spring-lawn-care-benefits-and-save-bees](https://www.theweathernetwork.com/ca/news/article/heres-why-you-shouldnt-mow-dandelions-spring-lawn-care-benefits-and-save-bees)
		-- u/mrekted, 18700 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that if you change the tires on your vehicle to a different size, your speedometer will no longer read the correct speed.

When your vehicle's computer calculates your speed, it measures how fast your tires are spinning and then determines the speed of your car by multiplying the spin rate by the circumference of your tires, thus giving it the amount of distance you're covering in a unit of time, giving your car your speed, which it then displays on your speedometer. If you change the size of your tires without having someone reprogram your car's computer or doing it yourself, the speed that your speedometer displays while you're driving will be wrong.  

If you switch to a larger tire, the circumference of your tires will be larger but your car will not know that, so it will still calculate speed based on the old tire size, and the speed displayed on your dash will actually be LOWER than how fast you are actually going. You may think that you are travelling 40 miles per hour in a 40 mph speed limit zone, but because you didn't reprogram your car when you changed your tires you will actually be traveling faster. This will cause you to always be going faster than you think you're going, and you will be at risk of being pulled over by police officers and ticketed when you didn't even know you were speeding. 

[This is an article detailing how to reprogram your car's computer.](https://itstillruns.com/reprogram-computer-changing-tire-size-7980389.html)
		-- u/BrushFireAlpha, 12761 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that if you click the “i” icon during an unskippable YouTube ad, you can click “stop showing me this ad”and hit “cancel”, so you can skip the ad

Many of you, like me, hate those annoying ads on YouTube that you can’t skip. Follow this quick tip and it can save you some time and annoyance!
		-- u/imastud47, 23873 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that if you ever receive something for free from a company by a nice employee, don't mention it in any online reviews.

Why YSK: two reasons.

1. If they did this as a nice gesture or a thank you and the review reaches money hungry management, they may not be so appreciative of the employee's good deed. They could end up in serious trouble, despite gaining a loyal customer or a great review.

2. If an independent seller includes a free gift or gives a nice discount, others reading reviews may expect the same. This could lead to choosy beggar customers, the seller losing money trying to make everyone happy, or the seller stopping these gifts altogether.

This goes for brick and mortar stores, online shops, restaurants, etc. When I worked in customer service, people were just so awful that even the most basic human decency made me think they were an angel. One time as a server at a chain restaurant, I gave a table a free dessert for being so understanding and patient during a dinner rush. They left a great review that my boss would have loved... had they not mentioned the $11 dessert. Over such a trivial thing that a manager would have even done themselves in that business and happens all the time, I got lectured about how "if we gave ten dollars to every table we'd be out of business bla bla bla."

Be appreciative of the free gift and leave a positive review! You just never know the type of boss they have, so try to avoid them possibly getting in trouble.

Edit: I am *not* encouraging anyone to give free stuff away. I'm saying if **YOU** encounter an employee that happens to give you a discount or gives you a free drink or whatever it is, the best thing for everyone is to not mention it.

Edit 2: retailers have insurance for stolen merchandise. A minimum wage employee is not hurting a billion dollar company by letting you have a pack of baby wipes or a discount on a pastry. Restaurants include "freebies" in their budget. Have you ever been to a restaurant?? This covers birthday desserts, free appetizer for long wait time, spill tab, sendbacks, dead food, etc. The restaurant business expects these type of things, but even though management is quick to comp a kids meal just to shut a table of Karen's up doesn't mean they will be understanding if their server making $2.13 an hour does the same.

Edit 3: im not talking about if someone offers you something free/discounted in *exchange* for a review? Obviously that's different.
		-- u/ocular-pat-down, 26075 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you experience repetitive, unwanted and disturbing thoughts like "what if I want to hurt someone?" and "what if I'm secretly attracted to children?" it's a symptom of OCD - not of being a bad person

There are lesser-known forms of OCD (usually referred to as Pure O) which manifests itself in the form of repetitive unwanted and disturbing thoughts that goes against what you believe is morally correct. (Also known as intrusive thoughts, different from hearing voices). Many of these are unwanted sexual and violent thoughts. These are distressing and often leaves the sufferer feeling guilty, ashamed, saddened, disgusted or frightened (or a combination of those feelings).

**These are some examples of** [OCD types](https://www.madeofmillions.com/conditions/obsessive-compulsive-disorder)**:**

* [Harm OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/harm-ocd): concerns you might want to hurt someone (or yourself)
* [Pedophilia OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/pedophilia-ocd): fear you might be attracted to children or harm them
* [Religious OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/religious-ocd): concerns you might do/say something blasphemous, sin, or do something that goes against God
* [Relationship OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/relationship-ocd): constantly second-doubting the relationship, fearing you might cheat, fearing you don't really love your partner...etc
* [Responsibility OCD:](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/responsibility-ocd) fear you might accidentally endager someone, fear that an action you take/don't take might result in harm...etc.

One might have "invisible" compulsions in form of avoidance (e.g. staying away from children, hiding knives), reaassurance seeking (e.g. taking "am I a psychopath" tests or asking people if they think you're a good person), checking (e.g. searching for "evidence" or making sure you have done/haven't done something) or rumination (though there are others, too). Some people experience false memories.

Ironically, these are among the people least likely to harm others because of all the precausions they take not to.

WHY YSK: The reason you should know this, is because there are a lot of people out there suffering from OCD without knowing it. It can be terrifying to walk around with these thoughts. Just know there's a whole community out there who are having the same thoughts and feelings, and there are ways to treat it.

**A video on it**: [What is Pure OCD?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9yKaI0vLJs)

**An excerpt from** [**this**](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2013/aug/31/pure-ocd-the-naked-truth) **article on a woman's personal experience with it (which might be a bit triggering for some, as it describes thoughts in details):**

&gt;"Purely obsessional OCD is so-called because the compulsions are largely invisible, and not often acted out in the more obvious, better-known ways such as cleaning or hand washing. Pretty much everything about pure O is secretive. These are things you’re not even supposed to think about, let alone talk about. How would a teenage boy tell his parents that he thought about having sex with his sister, a thousand times a day? What if you were a mother and you kept having thoughts about drowning your baby in the bath? Or a gay man who kept having thoughts about vaginas when you made love to your husband? How would you begin to talk about it? You’d keep it secret for years; for your whole life, perhaps."

EDIT: If you feel like this fits you, I recommend looking up OCD further. This is just a quick overview.

Intrusive thoughts are also symptoms of anxiety in general, and could be related to other disorders, too. :)

If these thoughts cause you a lot of distress, I really recommend speaking to a professional.

EDIT 2: I’m happy to see this has been helpful. I’d love to respond to you all, but I am a bit of an anxious person (in part due to my over-inflated sense of responsibility), so forgive me for being a bit shy.

I made this post because I have this myself, and it took me a long time to get diagnosed with OCD because of how scared I was of my own mind. I hope this can encourage people to reach out for help and support, and that it can help you feel better. (It’s possible).

I can’t act as a diagnoser or offer any help beyond my personal experiences, so it’s wise to do your own research on this (and reach out to a professional if possible) if you suspect you’re struggling with this.
		-- u/Cool_Minimum1429, 22941 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that if you experience repetitive, unwanted and disturbing thoughts like "what if I want to hurt someone?" and "what if I'm secretly attracted to children?" it's a symptom of OCD - not of being a bad person

There are lesser-known forms of OCD (usually referred to as Pure O) which manifests itself in the form of repetitive unwanted and disturbing thoughts that goes against what you believe is morally correct. (Also known as intrusive thoughts, different from hearing voices). Many of these are unwanted sexual and violent thoughts. These are distressing and often leaves the sufferer feeling guilty, ashamed, saddened, disgusted or frightened (or a combination of those feelings).

**These are some examples of** [OCD types](https://www.madeofmillions.com/conditions/obsessive-compulsive-disorder)**:**

* [Harm OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/harm-ocd): concerns you might want to hurt someone (or yourself)
* [Pedophilia OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/pedophilia-ocd): fear you might be attracted to children or harm them
* [Religious OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/religious-ocd): concerns you might do/say something blasphemous, sin, or do something that goes against God
* [Relationship OCD](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/relationship-ocd): constantly second-doubting the relationship, fearing you might cheat, fearing you don't really love your partner...etc
* [Responsibility OCD:](https://www.madeofmillions.com/ocd/responsibility-ocd) fear you might accidentally endager someone, fear that an action you take/don't take might result in harm...etc.

One might have "invisible" compulsions in form of avoidance (e.g. staying away from children, hiding knives), reaassurance seeking (e.g. taking "am I a psychopath" tests or asking people if they think you're a good person), checking (e.g. searching for "evidence" or making sure you have done/haven't done something) or rumination (though there are others, too). Some people experience false memories.

Ironically, these are among the people least likely to harm others because of all the precausions they take not to.

WHY: The reason you should know this, is because there are a lot of people out there suffering from OCD without knowing it. It can be terrifying to walk around with these thoughts. Just know there's a whole community out there who are having the same thoughts and feelings, and there are ways to treat it.

**A video on it**: [What is Pure OCD?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9yKaI0vLJs)

**An excerpt from** [**this**](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2013/aug/31/pure-ocd-the-naked-truth) **article on a woman's personal experience with it (which might be a bit triggering for some, as it describes thoughts in details):**

&gt;"Purely obsessional OCD is so-called because the compulsions are largely invisible, and not often acted out in the more obvious, better-known ways such as cleaning or hand washing. Pretty much everything about pure O is secretive. These are things you’re not even supposed to think about, let alone talk about. How would a teenage boy tell his parents that he thought about having sex with his sister, a thousand times a day? What if you were a mother and you kept having thoughts about drowning your baby in the bath? Or a gay man who kept having thoughts about vaginas when you made love to your husband? How would you begin to talk about it? You’d keep it secret for years; for your whole life, perhaps."

EDIT: If you feel like this fits you, I recommend looking up OCD further. This is just a quick overview.

Intrusive thoughts are also symptoms of anxiety in general, and could be related to other disorders, too. :) 

If these thoughts cause you a lot of distress, I really recommend speaking to a professional.

EDIT 2: I’m happy to see this has been helpful. I’d love to respond to you all, but I am a bit of an anxious person (in part due to my over-inflated sense of responsibility), so forgive me for being a bit shy. 

I made this post because I have this myself, and it took me a long time to get diagnosed with OCD because of how scared I was of my own mind. I hope this can encourage people to reach out for help and support, and that it can help you feel better. (It’s possible). 

I can’t act as a diagnoser or offer any help beyond my personal experiences, so it’s wise to do your own research on this (and reach out to a professional if possible) if you suspect you’re struggling with this.
		-- u/maggiesbell, 35983 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if you find a dead body in the snow/retrieved from falling through ice, that they are not dead until they are dead and warm

(VT student but this also applies to human medicine as well) Whether you found them outside or just watched them get pulled out of icy water, it is important that you get them to a warm dry place and remove any wet clothing, and continue resuscitation attempts until medical personnel arrive. You'd be surprised at how dead hypothermia victims look while still being in the zone where recovery is possible. Just remember, a hypothermia victim is not dead until they are warm and dead.

Source: [https://www.medscape.com/answers/770542-93825/what-measures-should-be-taken-before-pronouncing-death-in-a-patient-with-hypothermia](https://www.medscape.com/answers/770542-93825/what-measures-should-be-taken-before-pronouncing-death-in-a-patient-with-hypothermia)
		-- u/TheArtisticTurle, 11586 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you find a wallet, you can put it in any USPS box, and they'll send it to the address on the driver's liscense at no cost

I just found this out a little over a year ago, and I think more people need to know so you don't just mindlessly try to find the owner
		-- u/[deleted], 16766 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if you get a nosebleed, you should put your head forward and never back.

Leaning forward pools blood in the nose, where it can clot. Leaning your head back lets the blood flow freely down your throat into your stomach. This not only doesn't stop the bleeding, but will irritate your stomach, which unsurprisingly, doesn't like pools of blood in it. 

One of so many sources: https://kidshealth.org/en/teens/nosebleeds.html
		-- u/SamAreAye, 11970 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if you get pulled over and a cops asks you "Do you know why I pulled you over" they are trying to get you to admit to something  

Why ysk: Even though with traffic offenses it not usually worth LE time to do this, admitting guilt would significantly help them in court and reduce your chances of getting it dismissed, even if it's unfair. 

Even if you were speeding for example, then say you didn't indicate a lane change properly, you tell them you got pulled over for not indicating the lane change, then you are potentially looking at a second ticket and a much lower chance of it getting thrown out. Just tell the officer that you don't know or tell the officer you are pleading the fifth. Don't give them an admission of guilt on a silver platter.
		-- u/Icy_Wrangler_3999, 15394 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that if you have a friend that is very sick with cancer, sone great gifts are warm socks, skin care products and your favorite copy of a physical copy of a photo with you and them with a written message on the back

Why YSK: People with cancer going through treatment have circulation problems meaning that they have cold feet hence the socks. Also the treatment they are receiving dries out the skin and decent skin care products can give a lot of relief. And most important the photo that you give with a personal message will be a treasured item that will give hope
		-- u/jmcbuzz, 17710 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that if you have a swarm of bees in your back garden, call one of your local Bee Keepers and they will happily come and remove them for free!

Don’t worry, they won’t kill the bees (unless a disease is found within the colony), they will most likely sell them to people that are looking to expand the amount of hives they have or new bee keepers that want a small starting colony.

Edit 1: To clarify, I’m talking about honey bees. Send a picture to them and they will be able to tell you if their wasps, hornets, honey bees ETC and can advise you what to do from there

Edit 2: If its in a hard to reach area such as the top of a tree or inside a wall, they may charge some money
		-- u/stuckinameme, 22998 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if you have children, or even just someone who really loves you, you shouldn’t avoid being in pictures

My mom was the type of person who HATED pictures. She thought she was ugly so she avoided them like the plague. Most memories I have involve her behind the camera, not in front of it.

She passed away unexpectedly 5 years ago, yesterday was the anniversary, and when she died my siblings and I combed through family photos, online pictures, anything we could think of to find some way to see our mom again. There are only 3, two of which are a side view and the other is blurry. 

I keep her driver’s license because it’s the only head-on, smiling picture I have to remember her by. 

Please don’t avoid taking pictures if you have children. Because I promise you we do not see ugly, we do not see fat, we do not see flaws...we see our parents, our mommy, the person we love so much and will miss so much when you pass. Let us have a way to look at you again even after you’re gone.

Edit: because of this post, a beautiful person offered to clear up the only blurry photo of my mom I was left with. [Here](https://imgur.com/gallery/ow37QNG) it is! Thank you Reddit, from the bottom of my heart thank you
		-- u/alexsangthat, 105168 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that if you lock your pet, child, or any living thing in the car you can contact AAA whether you’re a member or not and they will get someone out to you as fast as humanly possible

Edit: usually I won’t edit but I guess people aren’t reading the whole post? I’m seeing the same comment repeatedly. This is obviously not a replacement for calling the authorities. I say in my post that this could be a potential replacement if police/fire cannot get there soon enough, AAA may or may not be an option to get help quicker but it’s worth a shot. 

For those asking- AAA is an international company (most popular in USA and Canada) but we do have clubs all over the world. Also of course breaking a window is the fastest option but you’d be surprised how many people don’t want to do that for whatever reason.

AAA will mark your call as a first priority and depending on location could have someone out there as soon as 10 minutes (or preferably before) to help you. Of course 911 should be the first call, but if for some reason that isn’t possible or the nearest officer is far away or whatever the circumstance, AAA will send someone out to you even if you haven’t paid for a membership.
		-- u/blah_fkin_blah, 13268 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you or anyone you know is being abused and they have been strangled in the past by their partner, that their risk of being murdered is increased as much as 1000%

**Strangulation is a clear, well-documented, well-researched indicator for homicide in cases of domestic violence.**

The CEO of HOPE International, the leading domestic violence and sexual assault prevention organization in the United States, stated that “**victims who had been strangled were** [750%](https://www.policyforum.net/red-flag-homicide/)**more likely than other victims to be killed.”** Other sources estimate it could be as high as [%1000](https://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/jr000250e.pdf).

**“Strangulation inhabits a category all its own in domestic violence as a marker of lethality. A kick, a punch, a slap, a bite — none of these, though terrible, portend homicide like strangulation does.” -** Washington Post, "Which domestic abusers will go on to commit murder? This one act offers a clue" by Rachel Louise Snyder

**“US studies show that in close to** [**50 per cent of deaths**](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2573025/) **involving intimate partner violence, women had experienced non-fatal strangulation** [at least once](https://www.policyforum.net/red-flag-homicide/) **before they were killed.”**

If your partner has strangled you in the past, under any circumstances (such as when they are intoxicated or "provoked"), you currently have less of a chance of surviving your abuser than you do surviving of a [heart attack](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=ved=2ahUKEwjH-cOqhNvqAhUUIDQIHeqtB6kQFjAAegQIBBABurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.health.harvard.edu%2Fhealthbeat%2Fhow-heart-attacks-became-less-deadlyusg=AOvVaw1XSctzJtNtW807D41dWGgY). Imagine the panic and immediate action and, most importantly, intervention that surrounds someone having a heart attack. **You deserve the same intervention to save your life.**

**You can lose consciousness after just** [10 seconds](https://www.strangulationtraininginstitute.com/strangulation-concerning-type-domestic-abuse/) **of being strangled, yet the damage is permanent.** You can lose consciousness and never stop breathing., and it can still cause brain damage. It can lead to memory loss. It can cause a [blot clot](https://www.thehotline.org/2016/03/15/the-dangers-of-strangulation/) that could kill you days or weeks after you were strangled by your partner.

Do not panic.

If you are not sure how to escape safely or unsure how to help someone else do so, p[lease reach out.](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=ved=2ahUKEwi8taeRhdvqAhUyJzQIHRjMCdwQFjAKegQIARABurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncdsv.org%2Fimages%2FSG_Surviving-DV.pdfusg=AOvVaw1dz8chpLIU3_8UHIdn1bF0)

If you are currently experiencing or have experienced or know someone who has experienced domestic terrorism, you can get support at /r/domesticviolence. 

There is hope.

(For anyone who wants to know more about this topic,, I highly suggest the book "No Visible Bruises," also by Rachel Louise Snyder. [Here](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=ved=2ahUKEwjBuY_7hdvqAhURHDQIHe1cDlMQFjACegQIBBABurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ok.gov%2Fdac%2Fdocuments%2F20151230%2520-%2520No%2520Visible%2520Bruises%2520Domestic%2520Violence%2520and%2520Traumatic%2520Brain%2520Injury%2520-%2520The%2520New%2520Yorker%2520-%2520Snyder.pdfusg=AOvVaw3eyVTRmZ5MnrCoyZiDp1BK)is a link to the article that grew into the book.)

Edit: Consensual, sexual activity excluded.
		-- u/PrincessShhhhh, 25749 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if you or your mother have an all-male direct lineage to a Luxembourg citizen, you have held Luxembourg citizenship since birth - you just need to claim it!

Why YSK: I just found this out last night and I'm jumping off the walls from my excitement. Under Article 7 of Luxembourg nationality law, anyone born in Luxembourg before 1942 is a Luxembourg citizen. Their children (regardless of where they were born), are also Luxembourg citizens. Like most countries, Luxembourg only allowed citizenship to pass from fathers (not mothers) until 1969. So in order to qualify for citizenship, all of your ancestors must be male. If you were born after 1969, your mother can also grant you citizenship.

In my case, my lineage looks like this:

1. Me (born after 1969)

2. Mother

3. Grandfather

4. Great-grandfather

5. Great-great-grandfather (born in Luxembourg as a citizen, emigrated to the US)

Luxembourg is part of the EU, so if you are a Luxembourg citizen, you are free to work/study/live/retire in any EU country. As someone who's always dreamed of moving to Europe, this is amazing news.

Also - under the current nationality law, all of your children are also automatic dual-citizens. Your spouse can apply for Luxembourg citizenship provided they've been married to you for at least 3 years and they pass a Luxembourgish language test. (This test is only required for your spouse, not you.) The 3 year requirement is waived if you live in Luxembourg together (I think).

Because you are technically already considered a citizen, you're not applying for citizenship, you're "reclaiming" citizenship. Thus, you have lowest priority in the process vs. people who are true applicants with deadlines. The timeline estimates I read online were about 12-24 months.

I've only known about this for 12 hours so definitely do your own research here, but I thought more people should know! Luxembourg is a tiny country but there are probably thousands of descendants throughout the world. If you think you're qualified, let me know! I'd love to hear from more people going through the process.
		-- u/TooManyPoisons, 26479 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if you owned an iPhone 6, 6s, plus, or 7, you are eligible to submit a claim for $25 due to Apple throttling your performance without telling you.

Apple recently settled claims that they purposefully slowed iPhones. You are entitled to up to $25 if you owned a covered iPhone before December 21st, 2017 and experienced a slowdown. https://www.smartphoneperformancesettlement.com/

https://www.forbes.com/sites/jimwang/2020/07/14/how-to-claim-your-25-from-apples-battery-slowdown-settlement/#e159f9e5369a
		-- u/smdcupvid, 31545 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you pause a video on YouTube, you can advance it a single frame with the period and rewind it a single frame with the comma.

YouTube actually has a whole lot of functions people aren't aware of...
		-- u/Subduction, 22801 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you plan to join the military or are in the military, you should insist on being seen for any injury or perceived injury. Later in life, if you have complications from an injury, there will be a documented source for the complications.

Why YSK - It's difficult to get care if the docs don't know what is causing the issues.

I got out years ago after being airborne.  Due to the nature of falling out of planes, concussions are not uncommon.  Years later, I'm having moderate memory issues.  But because being seen for medical issues was highly frowned upon, I have no proof for what is likely causing issues today.

Edit: This could also apply to any occupation.
		-- u/BellyScratchFTW, 11268 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that if you put your finger inside your dog's lip and it is dry, they are most likely dehydrated.

Why YSK: if your dog is dehydrated just 2% it can feel like  the equivalent of having a hang over. This is mainly for ageing or movement impaired dogs. It can mean (this is all according to my vet fyi) they do not have the energy/strength anymore to take care of their basic daily needs and can lead to discomfort or pain.

Taking them to water more often or leaving numerous drinking holes for them can also be an option. Just be aware.

I say this because tomorrow I will  lay to rest my 5 y.o pupper. She was a Kelpie x with a degenerative nerve issue that impaired the growth of her muscles, which eventually meant she lost the use of her back legs. She still seemed perfectly happy and would love to go out dragging herself around. We knew it was coming (due to the condition she has) but didn't realise her quality of life was already below where it should be. 

Disclaimer: can't confirm above applys to cats or other pets. I presume it does though.

Shoutout to my awesome vet and all the veterinarians out there, having to be there for the final moments of people's loved ones would be rough x
		-- u/boolachka-c-maslom, 11465 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if you share a link from Dropbox, your full name will be shown when other people click it. You won't see this because you're logged into your account, but everyone else will.

Dropbox (probably unintentionally), doesn't show you the version of the page with your own name on it, because it's part of the "&lt;name&gt; shared this file with you" text. This can lead people to posting images and revealing personal information. I'm sure Dropbox didn't build this with the idea that people might want to anonymously share links, and I don't care if people know who I am, but it seems like bad practice to plaster your name all over the link but hide it from you, the sharing user. So, don't share Dropbox links on Reddit.
		-- u/SLJ7, 17138 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that if you sleep five hours or less a day, you will probably have false memories and your memory will suffer

Why YSK: This information helped me a lot, because I am studying psychology and I began to wake up a lot, so much that I barely slept two or three hours a day for work and study, to the point that I began to create false memories of things that I had supposedly done, that I had read, which he had seen, but they were false memories. 

A fellow student realized what was happening and sent me to read the study and from there I began to sleep for more hours, so you should know that this information will be useful at some point in case you sleep very few hours or in the case that you hear a false memory of another person. In my case, when someone remembers something that has not happened or that nobody has said, the first thing I do is ask how many hours they sleep.

Source: https://time.com/3328149/sleep-deprivation-false-memories/

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/264010267_Sleep_Deprivation_and_False_Memories

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3768102/
		-- u/Marte1984, 41034 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if you take a loved one to the airport and it's hard for you to say good-bye, you can request an escort pass to go through security and all the way to the gate with them until they board the plane.

Because in the good old days before airport security existed, loved ones were able to walk all the way to the gate and say farewell. Now I was worried that I wouldn't have much time with my loved one before he went through security yesterday but I asked the ticketing agent if I could go through and she was overwhelmingly accommodating. After my loved one granted approval, the ticketing agent issued me what looked like a boarding pass with no flight information.  With that escort pass and valid ID, you pass through security with no problem, and get to spend more quality time with your loved one.

Edit: Caveat: the ticketing agent and the loved one both have the right to say yes or no to the issuance of the escort pass. My ticketing agent told me I was lucky I ran into her that day.
		-- u/WhichWayzUp, 32981 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that if you use cannabis and are going for surgery, that you may require more anesthesia than a regular patient, therefore you should let your health care team know you smoke/consume(d).

People who regularly use cannabis may need more than twice the usual dose of anesthesia for surgery, a U.S. study suggests.

Study found here: [https://jaoa.org/article.aspx?articleid=2731067](https://jaoa.org/article.aspx?articleid=2731067)

Summary article: [https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-cannabis-anesthesia/cannabis-users-may-need-more-anesthesia-for-surgery-idUSKCN1RR258](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-cannabis-anesthesia/cannabis-users-may-need-more-anesthesia-for-surgery-idUSKCN1RR258)
		-- u/Aramira137, 16554 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you usually find yourself spending more than 10 mins to properly write an email, here's a well-thought-out structure for you

Why YSK: this may be helpful to some of us that often having trouble writing a formal email, and to avoid all the hassle of re-read and re-edit for an hour (yep, that's me) just trying to sound as professional as we can.

ps: Not mine. I found it on the internet. I wished I found it earlier and could have saved a lot of time sending out job applications.

—

Dear Person I am Writing To,

This is an optional sentence introducing who I am and work for, included if the addressee has never corresponded with me before. The second optional sentence reminds the person where we met, if relevant. This sentence states the purpose of the email.

This optional paragraph describes in more detail what's needed. This sentence discusses relevant information like how soon an answer is needed, what kind of answer is needed, and any information that the other person might find useful. If there's a lot of information, it's a good idea to separate this paragraph into two or three paragraphs to avoid having a Wall of Text.

If a description paragraph was used, close with a restatement of the initial request, in case the addressee ignored the opening paragraph.

This sentence is just a platitude (usually thanking them for their time) because people think I am standoffish, unreasonably demanding, or cold if it's not included.

Closing salutation,
Signature

—
"People always ask me how I can fire off work emails so quickly. Nobody has figured out yet that it's the same email with the details change as needed."—Anonymous on the Internet.
		-- u/the-lah, 25439 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you were cornered in a bathroom, or had to defend yourself from an intruder while you are in the bathroom. The heavy ceramic top that covers the toilet tank is an effective improvised weapon

Throwing shampoo bottles or even using the shower rod isn't a viable choice (especially in a cramped space). If you had to defend yourself, the ceramic top is heaviest and the most lethal improvised weapon you can reach for. It is practically a cinderblock ,and it might save your life or the life of your friend/family so you should know this.
		-- u/Undead_115, 18955 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that if you work in a restaurant and somebody comes in demanding a sugary beverage such as sweet tea or soda for a diabetic emergency, it may be a life or death situation and you should provide it ASAP

For some reason a childhood memory popped into my head just now. We were driving somewhere with another family and their mom was in diabetic shock.

My mom stormed into an Italian restaurant demanding a sweet tea. The staff were hesitant. Meanwhile the lady in distress was not in her right mind and she needed sugar in her body as soon as possible, before she was too incoherent and combative to drink it. The adults were worried about her getting behind the wheel.

Don't worry about money or ringing them up. Even if your management is absurd enough to fire you for it, you'll not have a death on your conscience. Hopefully the guests will pay after the crisis.

I'm not diabetic, but I have experienced low blood sugar from loss of appetite. I feels like you're drunk and is a little terrifying. I couldn't drive a car and had to get a friend to pick me up. My situation was different because my insulin system was functioning, but the experience showed me a glimpse of diabetes.
		-- u/AskMeToTellATale, 13433 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that if you're baking and you have questions, King Arthur Flour has a Hotline where you can speak to a Baker free of charge.

I attempted to make bagels and they didn't come out right, so I googled and found their hotline....855 371 2253. You can talk directly to a Baker and get all your questions answered. I talked to someone for about 10 minutes who told me exactly what I did wrong and how to correct it!
		-- u/MrsNacho8000, 23916 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you're going to invite someone who menstruates to your home, they'll be more comfortable if you have a wastebasket, hand soap, and a box of tissues in your bathroom. (Especially if you're in a sexual relationship with them!)

There are two main reasons here, and there are probably more!  

- Many people like to freshen up before sexual activities to feel more comfortable and confident 

- People who menstruate may need to dispose of sanitary items, and being able to do so privately can be very important to them

I think many people focus on hospitality when hosting a guest, such as having snacks and drinks available...  I definitely appreciate when the house I'm visiting has a well-stocked bathroom!
		-- u/lesmax, 40450 upvotes, 0.81 ratio.
%
YSK that if you're in a Zoom meeting, holding the space bar down will unmute you for as long as you hold the button

Why YSK, Because I Thought this was useful, especially when students get called on out of nowhere by their teachers. Let me know if this is common knowledge

Edit: My very, very first gold. I know Reddit doesn't like this as a comment but I'm very happy.
		-- u/davidbowieguy69, 29789 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if you're job hunting, mention it to everybody that you can. You never know whose brother's neighbor's dog-sitter is hiring.

When I was trying to become a private investigator a few years ago, I wasn't having much luck. I was at my credit union for some reason unrelated to my job search and I was talking to one of the employees in her office. I mentioned my job hunt and her face lit up. She said that they have a client who runs her own PI firm and the CU handles all of their money. She said if I like, she will pass my info along to her next time she comes in. The employee kept her word, I got a phone call, then an interview, and voila! I was hired. 
		-- u/[deleted], 13477 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that if your child has a favorite toy/stuffie that they can't live without, your should buy multiples of it before it's too late.

It's seen all the time on r/helpmefind... People looking for a stuffed animal that their child can't sleep without. When my best friend gave birth to her child, I bought him a stuffed giraffe. He was in love with it, and couldn't go to bed without it. About 6 months after his birth, she reached out to me, and asked me where I got it. She realized that she needed a backup. Luckily I got it on the the biggest website in the world, so it was still available. She immediately bought two of them. You should do the same if you have a child that is in love with a certain toy or stuffed animal.

Why YSK: If you don't keep backups of favorite sentimental toys, when the toy wears out or is lost, heart break and sleepless nights can ensue.
		-- u/HRzNightmare, 30007 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that if your dog eats cooked bones, give them bread. It could save their life.

Long story short, my dog got ahold of a cooked bone. A big ol’ ham bone. She obliterated it. After some Googling, I found that you should immediately give them bread. 

I shoved bread down her gullet until she looked like she was pregnant. My vet commended the move and said with how much bone she ate and how much had splintered, the bread saved her life. And if not her life, it saved me from having to pay $3k+ for surgeries. A $3 loaf of bread saved my dog’s life. Crazy to think about. 

Why YSK: From my understanding, the bread “absorbs” the bone and keeps it from puncturing anything by essentially padding it. They may still need surgery to remove any big or sharp pieces, but it’s better than needing additional surgery for a puncture. 

**You of course should still bring your dog to the vet asap**, but all she ended up needing was some x-rays and pain meds. A shitty situation ended better than it could have.

Edit: **THIS ONLY APPLIES TO _COOKED_ BONES**

Edit 2: Also bird bones are never good.
		-- u/[deleted], 38119 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that if your pet develops a limp or reluctance to use one of its legs that gets worse or does not improve over time, and there is no obvious cause, go to the vet sooner than later because it may be cancer.

Why YSK: a lot of critters develop limps because of an injured tendon, sprain or problem with their paws. But if your pet starts limping without any reason you can identify, go to the vet for x-rays sooner than later. Osteosarcoma (bone cancer) is more common than people recognize and causes significant pain. If it is in the extremities, that can cause a limp or refusal of your pet to use that leg at all, and lead to muscle mass. Unfortunately it is fast spreading. If you can identify it before it spreads, amputation may save your critter's life and eliminate the pain. Don't wait to get it checked out if your buddy is not improving. Life on 3 legs beats the heck out of the alternative.
		-- u/dickalopejr, 12201 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if your pet has gotten skinny and shows lack of strength it may have a dental problem that makes it too painful to eat properly. get soft food and take your pet to the vet before it starves to death.

a dear friend of mine just lost a pet recently after it got skinny under it's fluff of hair.  after watching several reality vet shows and repeatedly seeing how animals dropping weight is often due to painful chewing (leading to malnutrition and starvation) i realized that this may have been the issue my friend's pet had.  if you have an older pet it is easy to assume that weight loss is just a natural progression of old age.  you may have more time with your pet than you think just by getting their teeth checked and taken care of.

edit: there are a lot of comments along the lines of "how could you not notice if your pet stops eating?"

my friend's tiny pet continued to eat regularly, but not enough to maintain its weight.  food was never measured, the feeding bowl was huge, and the pet was free fed.
		-- u/inspire-change, 13557 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if your pet isn’t eating, you shouldn’t wait more than 2 days until you take them to the vet

Been reading far too many reddit posts lately where people are waiting a week plus to get their pet seen only to be shocked when the pet needs to be euthanized.

Not only can pets not tell us when they’re sick, they likely won’t even show it. Even if their body condition is good, if you see a full bowl after two days, GO TO THE VET RIGHT AWAY. Call around, please don’t wait for your regular doctor. Their body could be shutting down right in front of you.
		-- u/diadiktyo, 30125 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that if your pets spook you out by regularly staring/whining at some random spot on a wall, they may be hearing water move through the plumbing, and not “sensing ghosts”

Why YSK: I’ve read multiple accounts of this on AskReddit threads (you know the kind), so I thought I’d mention it.

I’m not saying it’s *definitely not ghosts*, but I have been told this by at least three separate plumbers (I really don’t know why, other than the fact that I own pets and live somewhere with walls: I never bring it up). 

But I did check it out, and it is true, at least in my case.

And this info might help someone somewhere sleep easier tonight.
		-- u/spooky_upstairs, 22532 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if your vehicle gets impounded/towed in the US, (for any reason, be it lack of insurance or forgotten ticket), after 30 days they can auction off your vehicle with no notification.

Why YSK, They will tell you $20 or so dollars a day to get it out, but what they don’t tell you is that after 30 days they can place a lien on your vehicle and auction it off to pay off that $1000 that you owe. I accidentally found this out recently and almost had my life completely ruined.

I’m just hoping somebody else’s life won’t be ruined.

Edit: as a lawyer pointed out in the comments, this may not be true in all states.  This was in Florida. I’m not a lawyer.
		-- u/1_am_not_a_b0t, 14284 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that if you’re looking for work but don’t have a college degree, many engineering firms have field teams that perform specific field tests that don’t require degrees. These jobs can pay well and lead to certifications that can be a career building block.

For instance, I work in the field of Cathodic Protection. We are the people that ensure underground metallic pipelines do not corrode and fail. The industry is huge (and growing) and no one seems to know about it.  I began as an entry level field tech just taking soil samples and now 6 years later, landed a fantastic job with 3 certifications I’ve completed along the way (no college degree). This is obviously anecdotal but the fact is that there are many ways in the trades specifically that one can build a rewarding career. I’ve told every new hire who shows up and thinks this is just a job that you will absolutely get out of this, what you put in to it. Feel free to DM me if you’re looking for work, I’ve made a lot of great contacts and can try my best to help out.

EDIT: I’m genuinely happy those who have reached out are interested. I’ll address every message I get (as time allows) and try my best to help!

EDIT 2: Thanks for the Silver! I’m working on responding but I do have to get back to work. I’ll be addressing more messages/comments later.

EDIT 3: Again, thank you all for the responses and silvers and coins, and gold! I don’t know what I was expecting but it’s amazing to read everyone’s story and I’m so impressed with your grit. Job hunting can be soul crushing and rejection can get old. You have to keep going, keep looking. Think of new ways to market yourself or how you can apply your talents to the job.  For those of you switching careers, you will have your work cut out for you but you can absolutely do it! Phone is sitting at 5% now and I’ve got a ton more messages to get through. Will continue this in the morning. Goodnight!

EDIT 4: So the mods deleted this post but if you saved it, please DM me for more information. I’ve got a great google drive folder I can share with TONS of educational material.

TO THOSE WHO HAVE DM'ED ME...THEY ARE NOT ALLOWING ME TO RESPOND. PLEASE SEND ALL INQUIRIES AS A MESSAGE AND I CAN GET YOU A LOT OF INFORMATION! THANKS

https://www.enr.com/toplists/2019-Top-500-Design-Firms1
		-- u/Ulrich_Jackson, 26395 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that if you’re out with people and don’t want to drink for any reason; having a non-alcoholic drink (anything really) in your hand can help you feel at ease and signal others you don’t need a drink.

Why YSK: Our society expects people to drink, and there are hundreds of reasons people don’t. A lot of people simply get very anxious of the possibility they can called out or asked why they don’t drink. I know I did and still do today.   

This tip has helped me through my 15 years being sober and hope this tip helps you too.   

Original tip was removed from LPT as “advice”. I’ve appealed and hope this tip gets back up.

Edit:  Holy crap!  Thank you all for your comments and support of each other!

For those saying just to “say no”, obviously this is what we can do, unfortunately many people do not just say “okay cool man”. Moreover, it’s the internal struggle that often can be worse than the crap from other people.
		-- u/phenols, 13325 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that in Canada (at least), there is a subtle hand signal for use during video calls being promoted by the Canadian Women's Foundation to indicate domestic violence.

&gt;Gunraj explained the signal involves putting one hand up, palm facing toward the camera, then tucking the thumb in and curling the fingers down over it into a fist. The idea is that the signal won't leave a digital footprint.

More information can be found [here.](https://bc.ctvnews.ca/mobile/this-hand-signal-helps-victims-of-domestic-violence-indicate-they-need-help-1.4982176)

Maybe this can be expanded to other countries?
		-- u/Carnalvore86, 16028 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that in Windows 10 you can press the Windows Key + V to bring up your Clipboard history, which saves any text/images you copy ready for you to re-use.

This has been available since October 2018, so assuming you haven't done anything fancy to disable Windows updates you should have had this feature for a while, possibly without knowing it.
		-- u/lieutenantcigarette, 13199 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that in most cars, there’s a little sideways triangle next to the dashboard gas blinker. This will point to the side that the gas tank door is on.

I can’t believe I didn’t know this until recently. Maybe it’s common knowledge, but no one ever told me. 

I hope the title makes sense. Obviously if you only drive your car this is unhelpful advice, but for all the times you’ll drive rentals and other people’s vehicles, this triangle next to the gas light is super helpful at preventing awkward gas station maneuvering.

Edit: Oh for the love of God, most arrows I know as arrows have a stem attached to the flat side of the triangle, okay? Without the stem they’re sometimes hard to identify as arrows, so I didn’t want people to be confused about what they were looking for.

Edit 2: Sideways like this ▶️
		-- u/perksofbeingcrafty, 14178 upvotes, 0.84 ratio.
%
YSK that in parenting, HOW you talk to your child matters - it changes their brain. Talking TO or AT your child, even if you are exposing them to many words, is less important than having engaging conversations WITH your child, ideally where your child takes the lead.

**Why YSK:** Parents should know this because there is a widespread misunderstanding about the connection between parental education/income level and child brain and language development. Namely, that higher income/educated parents teach their kids *more words,* and this drives better brain language development. Knowing about this misconception is important for many reasons, perhaps the most important being the following: The science-backed solution to helping grow your child’s brain development in this area is actually doable/applicable for *any parent, regardless of socioeconomic or educational background.* It has nothing to do with dumping fancy words at your kids.

I’d safely assume that most parents know that talking - and teaching verbal communication - to their children from a young age is vital. But, there is a widespread misconception that parental income or education correlates to a child’s ability to develop strongly in this area. Notably, since research has shown that, on average, children from higher-income families hear millions *more words* during their first three years of life, somehow that means that such children are set up for better brain development than children from lower-income families. **This actually isn’t true.**

In 1995, a research study came out that found that children from higher-income families hear about **30 million more words** during their first three years of life than children from lower-income families.

So was coined the phenomenon of the “**30-million-word-gap**”, at the time correlated with significant gaps in tests of vocabulary, language development, and reading comp skills of kids from lower vs higher income families as they matured. People ran with this idea. Claiming essentially that kids from higher income families, who on average heard and were taught so many more words, were somehow set up as they got older to have a more "highly developed" brain in terms of language capabilities.

More recent science has debunked this correlation, pointing to a very different reality. MIT cognitive scientists have now discovered that *it is not the number of words* a parent says **to** their child that can change their brain (for the better), but instead *the nature of open-ended conversation* a parent encourages **with** their child.

**Creating lots of opportunity for this kind of open-ended, back-and-forth conversation is actually more critical to brain and language development than the findings of the "word gap".** This research from MIT applied to children *regardless of parental income* *or education.* The finding suggests that *any* parent can have considerable influence over their child's language and brain development by simply engaging them in daily conversation where the child has space to drive the conversation and create conversation turns as they please. Encouraging turn-taking conversation, as opposed to one-sided conversation, can be implemented by any parent.

Being interactive is what matters. 

The key finding from the aforementioned research is that parents should understand they should not just *talk to* their child, but instead should consistently *talk with* their child. Creating time and space for casual, story-oriented familial conversation, where there is less talking at or to your child by the parent and more talking with and listening to your child, changes children’s brains.

Maybe using excessive flashcards and talking at our children with many words, probably just frustrating or confusing them, should be a thing of the past. Maybe the solution is really as simple as focusing on fun conversation that genuinely encourages children to participate. Not just listen and memorize.

MIT study: [https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0956797617742725](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0956797617742725)

1995 Word Gap study: [https://www.aft.org/sites/default/files/periodicals/TheEarlyCatastrophe.pdf](https://www.aft.org/sites/default/files/periodicals/TheEarlyCatastrophe.pdf)

\*edit: Parenting is hard. the solution I am pointing to is not "simple"  as I originally said - it takes a lot of energy, time and dedication from parents. It is doable and applicable though to many parents!

**edit: A commenter asked me to clarify my qualifications, and I want to make sure nobody thinks I am overstepping by sharing this research (objective) and my thoughts around it (subjective). I thought this was clear in my writing, but I did not contribute to the MIT study I referenced above. I have a dual BS in Mathematics and Neuroscience and minor in computational bio / bioinformatics from a US university. I am very interested in this subject, but do not have a PHD. The research referenced is not mine. I more so just love to write and read interesting research. That’s why I shared this post 👍🏼
		-- u/amelia_health, 16655 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that in the U.S. posession by consumption (having illegal drugs in your system) is NOT a crime, with the exception of minors and alcohol.

If you or a friend is in danger because of something you took, don't hesitate to get help out of fear of legal repercussions. Just call for help, and dispose of any unconsumed substances while waiting. Never hesitate to tell a doctor or paramedic what you or someone else took. They don't care if it's illegal or not, and after it's been consumed, neither do the cops. You cannot be charged for drugs already in your system.

Even for alcohol and minors, which is the only exception, the punishment is not worth hesitating to get help if you need it. For first time offenders it's typically just a fine, and while it seems terrible at the time, you will get over it and it will blow over. Avoiding it is not worth risking a life.

Edit: As many comments have pointed out, it's always a good idea to check your state laws before doing anything potentially illegal! Also, apparently you should never do drugs in South Dakota, because they're real sticklers over there. There are a few states where you could get in trouble, but again, that trouble is not worth dying over. It's probably going to be a fine, much like minor in possession.
		-- u/iififlifly, 24082 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that in the US, it is illegal for medical staff to share any part of your medical record with law enforcement unless it is subpoenaed or you are under arrest.

If you go to the hospital, ER or urgent care (or even just to your regular family doctor) and they ask for a urine sample, don't freak out. The doctor just wants to treat you for whatever you're there for. If you're complaining of shortness of breath or fast heartbeat or you passed out, they want to know why. Yes, they may order a drug screen. But they want to know what caused the issue and how to treat it.

So if you did actually take some drugs, that's fine because they absolutely are not going to turn around and call the cops on you simply because your drug screen was positive. The drugs may have been what caused you to black out, etc and knowing what you took could be the difference between you living or dying. 

The only time law enforcement has a right to your record is if it is subpoenaed by a court or you are involved in a crime in which you were brought to the ER as a result of injury and are currently under arrest and they have a warrant (and even then a lot of red tape is involved). 

So basically, don't try to cheat the test by filling the cup up with water. There are ways we, in the lab, can test that it's water. All this is doing is delaying your treatment for no reason other than your paranoia. 

Source: I am a medical professional. I currently work as a medical lab tech (yep, I do all the testing) but am also studying to work in medical billing and coding so had to retake all the HIPAA and legal compliance courses again. 

*Edited to add some information

Edit: Holy cow, the front page and also thank for the gold kind stranger! 
		-- u/StarGazer_Cyn, 21192 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that in the US, you must add your newborn baby to your health insurance within 30 days of birth. If you wait even 31 days, you could be denied coverage until the next open enrollment, which could be up to a year.

A friend from work had a baby 2 months ago. He just got his first medical bill, and his insurance company denied it despite him being enrolled in a family plan. After calling HR and the insurance company, he's SOL. He's going to have to buy extra insurance until open enrollment at the end of the year.

More info here: [Protections for Newborns, Adopted Children, and New Parents](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ebsa/about-ebsa/our-activities/resource-center/publications/protections-for-newborns)
		-- u/adamdavenport, 14721 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that in the USA an employer can often legally spy on you while you work from home, using your computer camera.

I found this out the other day when my girlfriend's HR person accidentally let it slip to her, leading me to dig around and find out the laws on it. The time clock software they use takes screenshots of the computer and photos of her. They didn't ever tell her what it was doing. 

Turns out that if you are using *any* work machinery they can access everything. The camera, microphone, what is on the screen, etc., without having to tell you.

And of you agree to install any software on your own computer, they might legally be allowed to use your camera at any time without having to let you know. It can easily be buried in employee agreements/fine print.

**Why YSK:** They can be spying on you, and see everything, even if they have never explicitly said they are.

Edit: for the large number of requests for source.
https://melmagazine.com/en-us/story/is-it-legal-for-my-boss-to-spy-on-me-through-my-laptop-camera#:~:text=%E2%80%9CYour%20employer%20can%20monitor%20just,devices%20and%20over%20its%20network.text=Your%20employer%20can%20also%20review,%2C%20voicemail%20and%20text%20messages.%E2%80%9D

https://www.forbes.com/sites/tomspiggle/2020/05/21/can-employers-monitor-employees-who-work-from-home-due-to-the-coronavirus/

Feel free to check for laws in your individual state or country.

I was just floored by the fact that they kept it a secret. I couldn't imagine that they wouldn't need to get your okay. The fact that they don't need permission was... Crazy to me.

Edit 2: There are additional laws regarding recording (specifically audio), which have a lot more restrictions. But bottom line, cover your computer camera when not in use and don't use your work computer for anything non-work related. 
Oh, and if you have the choice, work for a company where the IT people have your back, and the company has some morals on the subject.
		-- u/vitaestbona1, 25879 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that in the United States it is illegal for private sector employers to discourage or punish you for discussing your wages with coworkers

Why YSK: Pursuant to 29 U.S.C. §§ 151-169 it illegal for your employer to:

1. Discourage discussion between employees about their wages by saying things like “here’s your raise, don’t talk about it to anyone”
2. Threaten to write an employee up for discussing their wages with coworkers
3. Fire, demote, transfer you, cut your hours or otherwise change your shift, or take any adverse action against you in any way because of discussions with coworkers about wages and benefits or approaching your superiors about discussions regarding wages with your coworkers

Violations of this law, known as the National Labor Relations Act of 1935, can be reported to the National Labor Relations Board by going to their website www.nlrb.gov or calling 1-844-762-NLRB (6572).

Edit: this really exploded so let me add a few things in here. 

If your employer allows non-work-related discussions while on the clock, [they must allow protected concerted activity as well.](https://www.nlrb.gov/about-nlrb/rights-we-protect/the-law/interfering-with-employee-rights-section-7-8a1) 

[Here’s a more clear and concise listing of your rights under the Act outside of the scope of a union.](https://www.nlrb.gov/about-nlrb/rights-we-protect/your-rights/employee-rights) 

[Here’s a more specific listing of what types of employers are subject to the Act.](https://www.nlrb.gov/about-nlrb/rights-we-protect/the-law/jurisdictional-standards) 

[Here’s the NLRB’s FAQ page.](https://www.nlrb.gov/resources/faq/nlrb) 

[And here’s a more general listing of other government agencies involved in protecting worker’s rights.](https://www.nlrb.gov/resources/related-agencies)
		-- u/zkruse92, 33418 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that in the United States, phone calls to and from jails and prisons are routinely recorded. Anything you say while on the phone can be used to prosecute you.

**Why YSK.** Tf you're ever arrested and have to make a call from jail, many jails and prisons have phones that prisoners can use. These phone lines are [routinely recorded and what you say can be used as evidence](https://www.findlaw.com/legalblogs/criminal-defense/anything-you-say-on-the-prison-phone-can-and-will-be-used-against-you/) in any case against you. 

While your call to your attorney might be covered under attorney-client privilege, it is never a good idea to say anything that might be used against you over the phone.
		-- u/ButtholeBanquets, 13772 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that in the United States, you can look up doctors to see how much money they’ve received from drug manufacturers.

Why YSK: Doctors sometimes receive payments from drug and medical device companies for a variety of reasons... some are benign (research), and some are less so (commissions for medical devices). In the United States, [this website](https://openpaymentsdata.cms.gov) (which is run by the government) allows us to search for doctors by name and pull up reports of every payment they have received from drug and medical device companies. 

Keep in mind that not every payment is nefarious and the reports do not provide much context, but it could be a good resource if you are questioning the motivation behind an expensive prescription or device. I suggest always talking to your doctor if you find information that concerns you or if you are worried about potential conflicts of interest due to payments received. 

Real life examples: one of my doctors prescribed me an incredibly expensive medication ($2k per month). I looked him up and saw that he had no payments from any manufacturers. It was obvious that he was prescribing the medication because he felt it was in my best interests and not because he had the company’s money in his pocket. Another doctor prescribed me  multiple brand-name medications that would cost me $200 per month out of pocket and offered no alternatives even when I said I was uncomfortable with what she had prescribed. She was pushy and refused to listen to my concerns. When I looked her up, I saw that she had been paid over $100k in the previous year by the manufacturers of those specific medications. I decided to find another doctor because at that point, I felt her motivations were in the wrong place. 

Most doctors are awesome and ethical, but it’s necessary to stay informed. But again- please use caution with the information on the site and don’t jump to conclusions about what it all means.
		-- u/Snaxx9716, 13339 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that in “essential oils,” the word “essential” is not synonymous with “important” or “necessary”

In the case of essential oils, the word essential just means that the oil contains the essence (i.e., smell) of whatever substance from which it was derived. 

Why YSK: if you think these oils are “essential” to your health you might be more inclined to waste your money thinking you’ll receive a medical health benefit. Not to say there aren’t benefits, but when one hears “essential!” they might think they’re necessary or important.
		-- u/Satanic_Nightjar, 28066 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that income tax in the US is progressive. This means that the incomes are grouped into brackets, and each bracket has a tax that applies ONLY TO THE MONEY IN THAT BRACKET. So, if you get a raise and go into a higher bracket, the higher rate does not apply to all your income.

**Why YSK.** With taxes almost due, and with income tax being complicated enough, it's important to know that there's a common misperception that going into a higher bracket might mean you make less money overall. This is *NOT* the case. If you go into a higher bracket with a higher tax rate, that rate applies only to the money you earn in that bracket. The money you earn in the lower bracket is still taxed at the lower bracket's rate. 

To understand this let's use a simplified example. Let's say there are two tax brackets and rates. Up to $50,000 in income is taxed at 10%, and anything over $50,000 is taxed at 30%. Let's say you currently earn $50,000. As you're in the 10% bracket, you have to pay $5,000 in taxes, so your take home, or net, pay is $45,000. (Again, greatly simplified.)

This year you get a $10,000 raise. You're now earning $60,000, putting you in the 30% bracket. Does that mean you're now going to pay 30% of $60,000, or $18,000 total, and have a net income of $42,000? In other words, did your raise mean you earn less this year?

**No.** You'll pay 10% of the first $50,000 ($5,000) and 30% of the next $10,000 ($3,000), for a total of $8,000, leaving you with a net of $52,000. 

So, even if your income has increased and put you in a higher bracket, you're not going to have a decrease in net income. Of course, there are a lot of factors that can affect your total tax liability. If you're ever unsure of what your tax liability is or what your obligations are, always talk to a professional. As in, a real accountant, tax attorney, or some other competent professional. A lot of "tax preparers" know barely anything, and can end up costing you more. Also, if you make less than $54,000 a year, are a senior, have a disability, or do not speak English well, you can often find volunteer (free) tax assistance from experienced tax professionals through the Federal government's [Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program](https://www.benefits.gov/benefit/1543).
		-- u/ButtholeBanquets, 11992 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that intrusive thoughts are normal, and don't mean you are a bad person.

Why YSK: intrusive thoughts, while terrible, are very common. Having intrusive thoughts can be a source of shame and worry, as they often involve explicit violence and sexuality- but a thought is not an impulse. The effort we put in to fighting or distracting the unwanted thought is often what makes it stick or fuel it's return. 

Some ways to approach your relationship with unwanted thoughts are to label them as intrusive, remind yourself that they are automatic and not a reflection of your subconscious, and give yourself some time to let the intrusive thoughts to pass. 

While intrusive thoughts are not necessarily red flags, they may be a symptom of an underlying mental health condition. If they are causing enough distress to interfere with everyday life, seek the advice of a healthcare provider. 

https://adaa.org/learn-from-us/from-the-experts/blog-posts/consumer/unwanted-intrusive-thoughts

https://www.healthline.com/health/mental-health/intrusive-thoughts#:~:text=Intrusive%20thoughts%20are%20thoughts%20that,may%20be%20violent%20or%20disturbing.
		-- u/Artsykate, 30015 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that it's best not to give food to the food bank this Holiday Season (or ever)

# This comment deleted to protest Reddit's API change (to reduce the value of Reddit's data).

Please see [these](https://web.archive.org/web/20230609092523/https://old.reddit.com/r/apolloapp/comments/144f6xm/apollo_will_close_down_on_june_30th_reddits/) [threads](https://web.archive.org/web/20230608182318/https://old.reddit.com/r/Blind/comments/13zr8h2/reddits_recently_announced_api_changes_and_the/) [for](https://web.archive.org/web/20230609172058/https://old.reddit.com/r/ModCoord/comments/143rk5p/reddit_held_a_call_today_with_some_developers/jnbuonf/) [details](https://old.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/142w159/askhistorians_and_uncertainty_surrounding_the/).
		-- u/blindsight, 15246 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that its illegal for a restaurant to make a server pay for a dine and dash

Why YSK: Many servers do not know or understand their rights. With these tough times, I've experienced this myself as a Bartender and had my restaurant try this on me. I know other servers are all experiencing a huge increase in dine and dashers. Top it off with most people only tipping 10% and its miserable. 

My restaurant in California tried this on me recently. I showed them the law and told them it wasn't happening. They did not like that but they let it drop because to fire me over it would be an insane lawsuit. I'm going to quit soon but thats a different story. 

YSK also that every state is a little different. Some states do allow it conditionally, but if you know your states laws, the restaurant will probably not mess with you. A lawsuit can dig up a nasty past and nobody can afford back pay right now. Bassisically, if they make it a problem, and you make it a bigger problem (lawsuit) they will go out of business. Especially right now. 

This applies to a lot of things, like working off the clock, owners/managers taking tips, meetings / writeups off the clock, and many other small tricks they use to save money from you. 

TLDR: If a restaurant threatens your paycheck, stand up them. They are probably legally wrong, can't afford a lawsuit, and will back down. If they don't, sue the crap out of them.
		-- u/gostop1423, 37611 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that just because someone appears confident and socialable, doesn't mean they don't have anxiety (social or otherwise )

.
		-- u/Rianonymous, 59611 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that kindness is a powerful brain health booster that raises resilience for society as a whole.

Why YSK: The benefits of kindness extend far beyond simply being a nice gesture. Researchers have found that practicing kindness can improve cognitive function and overall brain health. By fostering social engagement, kindness can positively impact brain health. Additionally, teaching kindness can equip individuals with practical skills for managing stress and promoting healthy interactions. On a larger scale, kindness can promote prosocial behavior and create a more empathetic and supportive community.

Source:  [The power of kindness](https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/949471)
		-- u/Minibersy, 12205 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that koalas have a 20% chance of being infected with Chlamydia with many more carrying the disease. If you are harboring koala refugees from the Australian bushfires, please take the proper precautions to keep yourself clean and try to limit the spread of the disease.

Koalas are cute and fuzzy, but please be careful when harboring any if you are sheltering some.  Avoid their urine and other bodily waste such as feces and any blood.  Use disinfectant and make sure to clean your hands and cloths thoroughly after interacting with them.
		-- u/[deleted], 17484 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that lack of eye contact does not mean that a person is being rude. Autism, ADHD, PTSD and social anxiety can all make it difficult to look someone in the eye.

If people with these conditions force themselves to make eye contact they will often find it so distracting they won't be able to focus on what you are saying.

Also there are many cultures, including Hispanic, Asian, Middle Eastern, and Native American, where eye contact can be considered disrespectful. For example, Japanese children are taught to look at others' necks to avoid making direct eye contact.

Consider that not all behaviors considered "rude" are intended to be, or even universally considered rude. This is especially important to remember if you are a parent, teacher, boss, or other authority figure.

Edit: Would also like to add people with eye and hearing problems too!
		-- u/Over9000Mudkipz, 52526 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that letting your dog sniff on walks is very enriching, interesting, and stimulating for them. Your dog sniffing every little thing in the neighborhood is equivalent to us reading the newspaper; its how they absorb information, and will give you a calmer dog!

Why YSK: Dogs learn about their surroundings through their noses. What dog has been here? What is this interesting smell emanating from this green bin? Oh is that what snails smell like? There is a great misconception about walking dogs, that owners think the enriching part of the walk is the act of walking itself, when in fact its the sniffing your dog gets to do!

Your dog gets the opportunity to think, learn, and satisfy an innate behaviour. Think of it this way, you get satisfaction by scrolling through reddit, but if someone made you sit too far away from the screen, and scrolled by things that appear to be potentially interesting, it wouldn't relax you, it would likely do the opposite!

Next time you're out with your dog, try giving them ample sniffing time, you'll likely end up with a happy, calmer pup!
		-- u/SalzyJ, 66821 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that lilies are extremely toxic to cats. Eating just a small amount of a leaf, flower petal, pollen grains, or vase water can cause your cat to develop fatal kidney failure in less than 3 days.

Because these lilies are so dangerous for cats and there’s a high risk of death if they’re ingested, it’s best to not bring these plants into your home if you have a cat.
Early signs of lily toxicity in cats include decreased activity level, drooling, vomiting, and loss of appetite. 

These symptoms start 0 to 12 hours after ingestion. Signs of kidney damage start about 12 to 24 hours after ingestion and include increased urination and dehydration. Kidney failure occurs within 24 to 72 hours, leading to death if the cat isn’t treated. Early veterinary treatment greatly improves the cat’s prognosis. However, if treatment is delayed by 18 hours or more after ingestion, the cat will generally have irreversible kidney failure.

If you suspect that your cat has eaten any part of a lily or its pollen or has drunk water from a vase containing lilies, immediately call your veterinarian or a pet poison control center. Depending on the type of lily, it may be a medical emergency and prompt veterinary treatment is critical. Try to bring the lily plant with you to the veterinary clinic.

https://www.fda.gov/animal-veterinary/animal-health-literacy/lovely-lilies-and-curious-cats-dangerous-combination
		-- u/natecopter123, 23739 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that many processed foods that are advertised as 'Low Fat' have a lot of added sugar to make them taste better.

This can mean that they're actually less healthy than their 'high fat' counterparts. Always read the nutrional information if you're looking to improve your diet so that you can make an informed decision.
		-- u/Penguin__Farts, 30528 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that many wheelchair and electric cart users can walk, but struggle with an invisible disability. Don’t be rude and call them out.

Yes, this includes large people. While it may be funny to point out how their butt engulfs the seat, they may have a genuine medical issue unrelated to their weight. 

These people aren’t being lazy or fooling around. Caring for oneself with a disability is hard enough, they don’t need you to ask a million questions or criticize them in the store. Most stores have multiple electric carts available. There aren’t (non safety) rules to use them besides not being an idiot/ramming things/things that go without saying. 

Ambulatory wheelchair users exist as well. So if you see someone standing up to pack their chair into the car, please refrain from comments like “it’s a miracle!” or worse, call them a faker. 

Invisible disabilities that make walking very difficult are countless but some include chronic pain, nervous system disorders resulting in severe dizziness (I.e. forms of dysautonomia), heart conditions, and recent surgeries.
		-- u/[deleted], 15866 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that mediocre CPR is better than no CPR

I've heard multiple people say that they'd be reluctant to perform CPR, despite being trained, because they're afraid they would mess it up or do it wrong.

You should know that if someone isn't breathing and has no pulse, you can't make it worse. Doing even mediocre CPR gives them at least some chance. 

"He ain't getting any deader!"
		-- u/britkitmc, 13964 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that mental illness is a hinderance to ability just as physical illnesses are.

Why YSK this: Because ignorance on mental health feeds into the stigma and worsens the level of care those with mental illness often receive.

If someone with depression says they can’t brush their hair, you’ve got to treat it like someone without limbs says they can’t brush their hair. Just because you cant see the disability doesn’t mean it isn’t there. If someone with anxiety says they cannot talk to someone without assistance, you’ve got to treat it like someone who is mute needs a translator. If someone with OCD says they can’t leave the house, you’ve got to treat it like someone with an autoimmune disease. Or whatever comparison it takes to understand that the hinderances caused by mental illnesses are the same as hinderances caused by physical disabilities!!! It’s not just we ‘just don’t want to’. Of course I want to shower and go out with my friends or do the jobs that need to be done. I’m not lazy for not being able to. I just can’t do it without extra help. Please understand this.
		-- u/smalltits-bigdreams, 15294 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that most generic store-brand products are made by big name companies

For instance, Great Value white bread sold at Walmart is manufactured by Sara Lee. Canned peaches come from Dole, etc. 

This also applies to many of the Kirkland brand products found at Costco (Kirkland batteries are made by Duracell, and so on). 

It should be noted that often times the generic products are identical or extremely similar to their name brand counterparts, but this is not always the case. As far as I know, the only arena of goods where generics are expectedly 100% (in regards to active ingredients) equivalent to name brands is pharmaceuticals, as law requires them to be. 
		-- u/mrghostwork, 11925 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that most young babies can’t fall asleep on their own. They often need at least one of: rhythmic movements, sucking, and snuggles. Darkness, white noise and swaddling can help.

Why YSK: babies need to sleep a lot, but sleep in small chunks of time. You’ll be putting your baby to sleep many times per day. An overtired baby is no fun!
		-- u/[deleted], 13813 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that no matter how close you are with your children, you should not share the details of your marital problems with them.

Trust me. They may seem very intelligent, mature and understanding and they may be so too but you can do your children a very great favor by not blurring this line, or else, without you even realizing it can become an immense and distressing burden for your children.

Edit: Wow I did not expect this post to blow up like this but I am very glad it did. Thank you so everyone who is sharing their personal stories, the fact that you went through all this and it’s negative impacts on you is a testament to why this advice matters.

Also thank you so much for all the awards.

Some people seem to be missing my point or perhaps he I could’ve been clearer. So there are a couple of clarifications:
 
• this post in no way suggests that you should lie to your children and pretend like everything is okay when it is not
• there is a middle ground between lying to your children, pretending there is no problem, and evading any questions they may have and sharing way too much and even unintentionally putting all the baggage on them and feeling like it’s their responsibility to fix it.
• this post does suggest that you should not, no matter the maturity intelligence level of your children, you should NOT put the burden of your marital/divorce-related problems to the children, do not mistake them for your marriage counselor, or your best friend, or your confidante.
• you may be alone, go make friends or talk to a therapist, please
• not dumping every single emotional baggage on your children IS different than having a conversation with them  and talking with them about the issues that may affect them on a need-to-know bases 
• also, abuse is a human rights violation is different than cheating and smaller fights, and requires a separate consideration along with any other safety threats.

For those of you who are asking what this post is based on, or what is the psychological backing...  Please look into terms “parentified child”, “early parentification”, “emotional (covert) incest” and “triangulation”.

Please read u/sassatha ‘s comment on this thread where they briefly explain emotional incest.

Sending everyone love and kindness. You can unlearn and learn the healthy ways, and to establish new healthy boundaries.
		-- u/qrushqueen, 39912 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK that no-income/homeless Americans are eligible for the $1,200 IRS stimulus check and the deadline to file is October 15

Why YSK: There are half a million homeless Americans and I’m sure a majority of them do not understand that they have access to $1,200. The only requirements are that they must have a valid social security number and that they can’t be claimed as a dependent of another taxpayer.

I have a homeless guy that is well known in my town who we were able to get set up for the stimulus. We used a local mailing address and went with him to cash the check and then place the money on a gift card. Obviously this is rare as this guy is known and loved by the entire community, but just too proud to accept much help. I don’t suggest going around to random people on the streets and offering help as it could be dangerous. But you never know who this information could help. $1,200 could change their life  tremendously.

You can search online for IRS Non-Filers tool to submit.

EDIT: Just to clarify there has only been one stimulus check approved by the US government. This information only applies to people who may not have known they were eligible for the original stimulus check. There is currently no second stimulus check available to claim.
		-- u/utspoony, 16679 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that not all illnesses are visible, and you shouldn't assume someone is healthy based on their appearance

I have Cystic Fibrosis, and look relatively healthy on the outside. I have a badge to park in disabled parking spaces. I can walk absolutely fine, but I have a lung capacity of less than 40% and chronic lung infections, so I get tired very easily, and it takes more energy for me to do simple tasks. The amount of dirty looks I've received for getting out of the car and then walking around is ridiculous. 

Not every sick person *looks* sick, and it isn't your place to try to analyse their condition. This goes for seemingly healthy people parking in disabled spots, using the disabled bathroom, getting up out of a wheelchair, etc. 

Telling us we 'look fine' is also quite offensive, even if you mean it as a compliment, and can feel like invalidation. 

Please leave people alone and don't question their medical conditions based on appearances.
		-- u/Zelrii, 16094 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that offering help to a disabled person is OK, but No is a full and valid answer.

Why YSK: this is going to be most important in Customer Service based jobs but you may encounter this in many other places. An offer of help is a question, no is a full and valid answer, and forcing your help is not longer helping it is harming.

What do I mean?

If a disabled person looks like they might need assistance, it is good to ask them. But if their answer is "no I do not need help" you need to accept this and step back. The disabled person knows their abilities and their needs. If they are out on their own, it is fair to assume they are capable of managing on their own. If they are not alone, then their carer or companion will be know their assistance needs and be there to provide them.

Why is it important?

There's lots of reasons why giving "help" without asking, or "helping" after your offer has been declined, is bad.
- It removes autonomy from the disabled person. We should have a right to choose.
- It also reduces independence. We have aids and appliances to get around and navigate life, but many of us still wish to do what we can when we can. 
- What you think is help may cause pain or distress to the disabled person. Like moving a mobility aid, physically touching someone, or generally forcing them to continue to interact with you.

Please understand and respect that someone might be visibly disabled (eg, a wheelchair user), but this does not mean they need to be treated like they are helpless. Treat the disabled person like you would any other. Offer help if they look like they need it but accept no as an answer. Talk to the disabled person first and not their companion or carer. Do not assume a disabled person is only waiting for someone and isn't actually a part of a queue in a business.

Caveat: the only time this doesn't apply is if there is clear, imminent danger which would cause significant damage or harm.
		-- u/JenivereDomino, 15170 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that on January 1, 2020 many copyrighted works move into the public domain. Works published by authors who died in 1949 enter the public domain in most of the world. In the USA, all works published in 1924 will enter the public domain.

4 years until Disney's works start to get in. YSK this because YSK that more things are about to become available for free forever.
		-- u/appropriate-username, 27845 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that one can of tuna contains more mercury than a kid might receive if they got a full round of vaccinations.

Why you need to know this? So you can turn anti-vaxers efforts on tuna instead and save countless vulnerable lives in the process.

EDIT
So this turned into a really great discussion. Thank you guys so much for the great info and many, many laughs. Suffice to say it's been a good day. I was asked for a bit of a summary for the latecomers so I'll give it my best shot based on the questions and answers given here. 

First and foremost: eating tuna with moderation is A-OK! Tuna salad does not cause autism just like mercury doesn't cause autism. There are, however, recommendations regarding intake that everyone should be aware of. If you are pregnant, are nursing, have young children (under 5) or have a compromised immune system, talk to your doctor. 
https://www.fda.gov/food/foodborneillnesscontaminants/metals/ucm351781.htm

There are different types of mercury with different properties. Ethylmercury a byproduct of vaccine componant thimerosal. It can be toxic if inhaled in, you guessed it, toxic amounts. Methylmercury is highly toxic when ingested too often, is absorbed in the digestive tract and is found in fish like Albacore tuna and many other species of fish and shellfish. Your weight has an impact on how toxic a dose can be.
https://www.cdc.gov/biomonitoring/Mercury_FactSheet.html

Thimerosal is a component of vaccines that breaks down into ethylmercury (eg non-toxic) that is barely used today. Overall, mercury is not used in vaccines. Thimerosal is mainly used as an anti-bacterial and anti-fungal agent.
https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/hcp/patient-ed/conversations/downloads/vacsafe-thimerosal-color-office.pdf

The claim that mercury in thimerosal caused autism is false and came from Andrew Wakefield. His paper was retracted due to faulty methodology and he was disbarred as a doctor (and yes, that is apparently the right way to describe a doctor getting stripped of his medical licence).
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3136032/
For the real nerds, here is the original paper:
https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140673697110960/fulltext

Some people here played with the mercury from thermometers as children and now seem to collectively be waiting to die. If you are/were one of those children, you can breathe easy. It doesn't really go through your skin.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3514464/ 

Toxic methylmercury accumulated in food chains and is not supposed to be at such high levels in porpoises, fish and shellfish. We've made a mess of the place.
https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0197220

Also, randomly, here's a link to the brainchild of a 16 year old now spending his days cleaning up the oceans.
https://www.theoceancleanup.com/

The main point I was trying to make is that you need to follow the logic. I don't hate tuna, I don't want you to hate it either. It's really amazing how many of you dove in and started researching for yourself. We need more of you in the world. And to all of you claiming I need to cite my sources, you are entirely correct. The burden of evidence lies with the claimant. I hope this appeases you.
(source: me)

Also Jim Halpert is a smug bastard.
https://www.reddit.com

And all of you artistically inspired me to do this...
https://www.redbubble.com/people/say-something/works/35843731-save-tuna?asc=uref=recent-owner

		-- u/SaySomethingDesign, 18878 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that online IQ tests are not the most accurate of things

A while back I decided that I wanted to do an IQ test, and so I found one on the internet and did all the fun puzzle questions.

I can't exactly remember the result, but it was something in the 150 range. Now, I'm not a total idiot, but I'm also not exactly a genius, and at the time I closed the site and wrote it off as inaccurate.

Thinking back on it, I remember it telling me to pay something like £60 pounds for a certificate in order to 'prove' I had a 150-something IQ, and that was probably why the result was so high. No one's going to pay money to be told they have an IQ of 60. 

So in conclusion, I think the reason so many internet idiots have ridiculously high IQs is due to both their enormous egos and not being bright enough to realise they've been scammed.

TL,DR: take IQ tests on the internet with a grain of salt.
		-- u/jasondoesstuff, 17017 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that opening someone else's mail is a felony.

Why YSK: From abusive parents to nosy neighbors, the stuff you order is YOUR STUFF. If it has your name on it and someone else opens it without your permission, even if they don't take anything, you can report them. It sounds like a karenistic thing to do, I know, but privacy is important.

Opening someone's mail without their permission can open you up (pun intended) to five years in federal prison.

Edit: I should have clarified that if you open it by accident, it doesn’t count. You won’t get in trouble if you didn’t mean to do it.
		-- u/[deleted], 11448 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that over 850 museums in the United States participate in a program that offers free or reduced admission for those on food stamps

Why YSK: My girlfriend and I have been struggling a lot lately. I was looking at the admission prices for a local museum, wondering if we could save up the money to go to it in a few weeks, only to find the mention of the [Museums for All program](https://museums4all.org/participating-museums/). You can search for participating museums in your area, and typically all you have to do is present a photo ID and your EBT card. 

I thought this was an amazing thing to know about, because museums are terrific resources and the information they contain should be accessible to everybody. Many botanical gardens also participate in the program - I hope some of you who are also struggling can get to experience the spring flowers this year.
		-- u/zerocanine, 12959 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that palm oil is in many products such as Nutella and Peanut Butter, and palm oil is a reason for deforestation

Palm Oil is in lots of products, such as Nutella and Peanut Butter, and Palm Oil is unfortunately gained by deforestation, and therefore is destroying homes of wildlife and even a cause of global warming. There are products which have used alternatives to Palm Oil which can be found with a quick Google search.

Edit: Yes Palm Oil is manufactured on plantations but the land for these plantations is a cause for deforestation

Edit 2: Yes other oils can be worse as they cause even more deforestation, but what I'm trying to get at is just avoiding oils in general for when they aren't needed. This is up to the big companies and manufacturers but it's just about caring for this planet.
		-- u/Mentalist1999, 13591 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that participating in guerilla gardening can be more dangerous to the environment than beneficial.

If you want to take part of the trend of making "seed bombs" or sprinkling wildflowers in places that you have no legal ownership of, you need to do adequate research to make ABSOLUTELY SURE that you aren't spreading an invasive species of plant. You can ruin land (and on/near the right farm, a person's livelihood) by spreading something that shouldn't be there. 

Why YSK: There has been a rise in the trend of guerilla gardening and it's easy to think that it's a harmless, beautifying action when you're spreading greenery. However, the "harmless" introduction of plants has led to the destruction of our remaining prairies, forests, and other habitats. The spread of certain weeds--some of which have beautiful flowers-- have taken a toll on farmers and have become nearly impossible to deal with. Once some invasive species takes hold, it can have devastating and irreversible effects. 

PLEASE, BE GOOD STEWARDS OF OUR EARTH.
		-- u/juana_eat, 26746 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that people dealing with depression can find it incredibly hard to maintain contact with friends and family. If someone hasn’t been in touch for months don’t assume they’re a bad friend.

This is prompted by the comments on a r/Facepalm post with lots of people saying if someone hasn’t checked up on you this year they’re a shitty friend, there’s no excuse etc.

Why YSK: Over the years I’ve known friends and family withdraw from the world for months on end because of depression or other illnesses. They often carry a lot of guilt about this and it becomes a self perpetuating issue because they’re afraid of the response they’ll get when they eventually do make contact again. You often won’t know what’s going on with them, they’ll just drop off the radar. But these people will need your friendship and support more than ever when they begin to engage with the world again. So if someone goes quiet don’t write them off as a ‘shitty friend’. Be open minded about their reasons, give them space, time and understanding, and be ready to pick up the threads again when they’re ready.

(Citation needed for sub rules about health flair? Here’s an [NHS document](https://www.cpft.nhs.uk/download.cfm?ver=1738) that describes withdrawal from social activity as symptom of depression)
		-- u/shortercrust, 67828 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that people with ADHD can't often "just do it".

ADHD is a neurodevelopmental disorder, meaning the ADHD brain works differently. People with ADHD lack the neurotransmitter **norepinephrine**. This makes them feel less accomplishment due to lack of mental arousal and alertness ([Read Here](https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-neuroscience-101/)).

Why YSK: You most likely have ADHD relatives and this will help you understand them better, they aren't just lazy.
		-- u/scrubdzn, 31231 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK that people with skin conditions are not necessarily unhygienic.

I cant emphasize this enough, i truly hope more people can see this because it is a very serious issue, everyday, someone is committing suicide due to negative remarks made by others, who sometimes dont even know that their remarks hurt.

Instead of judging others with skin conditions like acne, eczema and thinking that they do not take care of their skin or that they are dirty, you should pay less attention to their skin condition and treat them normally.

Trust me when i say this, it might seem like a harmless comment to ask,"Do you even wash your face?" Or "i recommend you to use a mask/drink more water etc." but it is very, VERY hurtful to the person and he/she might recall those exact words and feel like shit from time to time. It bothers the person and it hurts a lot. You will never know the feeling if you lived your life having perfect skin.

People with skin conditions are already insecure about how they look and constantly look for many methods to treat their condition, but it all boils down to genetics/hormones for some people which they have no control over, especially males who cant simply take pills. They do not like your advice/your comments because theyve done everything they could. They probably know more about how to care for their skin than you.

💎Key lesson💎
*Practice having social intelligence, treat the person normally and appreciate them, do not simply judge especially if you havent experienced their conditions personally. Learn how to truly empathize.
This is a very important skill which makes other people like you more.
This doesnt only apply for skin conditions, it applies to everything else. Just because youre skinny doesnt mean you can judge the overweight person and think that he/she is a greedy and lazy person.*

Please, this is a very essential skill to have, to learn and understand that others have reasons which you may not think of because you have not experienced their conditions first-hand. An insensitive remark can destroy a person's self esteem for good. 

I can say this because someone gave me a negative remark, months after that i still think of it and feel like shit, it is devastating.

Edit: Oh my god guys, thank you all for the support and the awards, i never expected this to blow up 😭🙏

Stay strong people, always remember there will be people who understand your struggles! 💪
		-- u/LawlietVi, 12254 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that pet rabbits make terrible Easter presents. Rabbits are not easy-to-care-for or good "starter" pets for children. At least 80% of pet rabbits bought for Easter will either be dead or abandoned within a year.

I can't say it better than Abandonded Rabbits does, and Why YSK:

Contrary to successful but deceptive pet-industry marketing, these social and intelligent creatures are not short-lived, low-maintenance, or cheap pets that are suitable as “starter” pets for children. They are 10+ year commitments that require expert vet care, close attention, and patience.

Sadly, shelters and rescues see a large spike in abandoned rabbits during the few months after Easter. Owners and parents are often shocked to learn that rabbits require regular, specialized vet care and alteration to prevent reproductive cancers, decrease territorial behaviour, and prevent unwanted litters.

Furthermore, rabbits are social and active creatures that require lots of indoor space and stimulation to thrive, and prefer to live in groups of two or more. Children often lose interest in their now fully grown rabbit, who is often described as aggressive, fearful, or boring. What was originally intended to be a fun and easy pet for a child becomes an expensive burden to parents.

Tragically, many people decide to abandon their unwanted domestic rabbit outside, but this is a cruel death sentence. Studies estimate that at least 80% of all rabbits purchased at Easter die or are abandoned before their first birthday (Daly, 2017)."

If you plan on getting a pet rabbit for your children or know people planning on doing that, please, please do your research and come in with the right expectation. I would recommend getting the kids a stuffed animal instead or a chocolate rabbit.

A toy or candy will not feel neglected, but a rabbit is a 10+ year commitment.
		-- u/Peach_Cobblers, 13458 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that pregnancies are measured from the first day of your last menstrual period. A woman who is 5 weeks pregnant has just missed her first period.

Why YSK: Lots of people think "6 weeks pregnant" means "6 weeks after conception" or "6 weeks after your missed period." Instead, it means "6 weeks after the first day of your last menstrual period."

It's a common misconception that women know when they are pregnant. Women who aren't tracking their mensuration may have no idea they've missed a period. Women with inconsistent menstrual cycles are especially vulnerable.

More info:

[https://flo.health/pregnancy/week-by-week/gestational-age](https://flo.health/pregnancy/week-by-week/gestational-age)
		-- u/MoonBapple, 17110 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that purple flowers are the most attractive colour of flower to bees, so if you want to attract more bees to your garden, pick out some pretty purple violets or lavender. 🐝

My dad taught me this. His garden gets a lot of visitors :)

EDIT: as many commenters are pointing out, this does not apply to all species of bees. 
My intent was not to make a generalised claim, I never said to *only* plant purple flowers because *all* bees like them. 
I meant that it might help to plant some purple flowers if you like bees and want them in your garden.
		-- u/[deleted], 13676 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that recipes you find online could be absolute garbage

Just because someone puts a recipe on their blog does not mean it's good, or that the site owner loves it, or even that the site owner has tried it. Anyone who has ever worked in SEO will tell you that the name of the game for the vast majority of blogs and small websites out there is advertising, so at the end of the day all the owners really care about is getting you to look at their site. As a result, not everyone is concerned with making sure that what they're posting is fact checked or even makes sense at all. As long as they have a long blog post full of pretty food pictures (and advertisements) with a recipe tacked on at the end, they are good to go.

Before making something from a recipe you find online, try to check it out by:

1) checking the comments to see if anyone else has made it and what they thought.

2) compare it with other recipes online to see if they are all similar or if the one you're looking at doesn't seem to fit

3) thinking critically about the ingredients listed and the dish you're trying to make. Does everything seem to make sense? This step is harder if you don't have a lot of experience in the kitchen

*Edit: a lot of comments are saying that America's Test kitchen and Joy of Cooking are very reliable sources for recipes. Also certain YouTube channels like Binging with Babbish*

Ultimately remember that the internet is largely an unmoderated dumpster fire of opinions, information, and copypasta, so anything you see there (including this post) should be taken with a grain of salt.
		-- u/jraychris, 12834 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that removing the orange tip from toy guns can be dangerous

Why YSK: The orange tip on toy guns is a universal sign that the gun is fake. If a toy gun has its orange tip removed or painted over, strangers might assume it's real and [be forced to defend themselves](https://www.keranews.org/2019-05-13/how-realistic-looking-toy-guns-confuse-police-and-get-people-killed).

This is especially dangerous for kids, who tend to play fight with their friends or run around in public. Some kids will remove the orange tip or sharpie over it so the gun looks more realistic. Parents, make sure your kids know not to do that.

Adults are free to modify their airsoft guns, but they should be aware of how strangers might react. Don't aim them at anyone in the view of strangers, unless you're in an airsoft arena. Consider keeping them out of view when not in use.
		-- u/Ajreil, 12258 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK that romantic relationships aren't like the Sims. Doing nice things doesn't fill up a stat bar that, when full, means the person is in love with you.

Why YSK: Romantic relationships are important to many people's self confidence, identity, and mental health. Thinking like I used to kept me from having said relationships.

This is a big part of why I was single until my 30s. I'd find a girl I liked, and just start doing nice things and buying stuff all the time for her, and then get angry when she didn't want to date me and break off contact. Obviously, it was that all these girls were bitches, right?

No. Not everyone will like you. Even fewer will like you romantically. Even people who are really, really nice to you aren't necessarily romantically attracted to you. 

Most importantly (and this would have saved me so much grief in my 20s) NO ONE IS OBLIGATED TO LIKE YOU NO MATTER HOW GOOD YOU ARE TO THEM.

Don't lose out on your 20s like I did. Learn how to actually foster positive relationships, where you help each other's weaknesses and build on each other's strengths. Don't be some weird unwanted shitty creepy sugar daddy who doesn't realize that he isn't actually a nice person, but someone who will do and say anything to get laid under the thin, shitty veneer of being a "good dude."

I wasn't good to women in my 20s, and because of that, I missed out on a lot of great things.
		-- u/[deleted], 30010 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK that self-degradation when you are anxious and uncertain can be a semi-intentional coping mechanism similar to self-harm.

Why YSK:

When something has gone wrong, you've made a mistake, or you find yourself in a conflict, or maybe looking at a scary upcoming problem, it is very easy to slip into degrading yourself. To tear into your intelligence, your morals, your willpower. 

And part of that is because, like how physical self-harm clears away other emotions with a stronger one and gives you a sense of action, depression and darkness easily replaces that fear. **It feels better to be sad than scared.** Sadness can be cried out, depression eventually numbs, anguish quickly replaces the tenseness and terror - whereas anxiety and fear can keep buzzing forever. 

But like physical self-harm, the short term escape will not be worth the long-term damage as depressive episodes build up and you start to believe your worst feelings.

It's better to resist and try to think positive and constructive, even though it is harder and the anxiety symptoms will last longer.

Edit:

This has a lotta upvotes so I wanna say:

- I'm not a psychologist.

- While I've had this as a toxic defense mechanism, maybe not everybody does. I suffer mostly from anxiety with depression sort of as a side-effect, and not say, major depressive disorder.

- By "think constructive", I of course don't mean you should repress your negative feelings. It's just like physical self-harm: just don't actively try to cause yourself harm, it's not good for you, but mostly this post is just about being aware if this applies to you :)
		-- u/DefTheOcelot, 18218 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that signing up for a "free" credit report with experian.com will charge you a monthly fee

Experian.com claims this is free and charges you a $1 credit card charge to verify your credit card info. However, if you read the fine print you'll see that this also signs you up for a monthly $20 charge if you don't cancel the trial period. 

Apparently cancelling over the phone is a huge pain, so here's an easy way to do it (learned this from Andrew Dennis on Quora):

1. Go to https://usa.experian.com/#/profile/myMembership/reason after signing in
2. Choose a reason from the dropdown menu
3. Click "confirm cancellation"

This cancels your membership without having to get on the phone.
		-- u/Vietname, 11749 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that simply citing a scientific source does not make what you're reading correct

Why YSK: Academic papers are generally complicated and often have a very specific focus. This unfortunately is not ideal for news and media sites which are looking for simple, broad conclusions that can grab your attention. Journalists are rarely experts in the fields and so whether intentionally or not will commonly misinterpret, exaggerate, oversimplify, or even straight up lie about the meaning of the results.

As well as this, a single study in isolation will almost never fundamentally change scientific understanding. Even when peer reviewed and published, there will always be limitations to the conclusions that can be drawn. Most often, a groundbreaking study will simply encourage further research to be done in that area. As the collective knowledge grows, the collective understanding changes. So, just because a news source links to a scientific study that seems to agree with what they're saying, it doesn't mean the bold statements they're making are entirely accurate. 

Also, if the source is just quoted as 'scientists' then you should be very skeptical of any claims made.
		-- u/Penguin__Farts, 10620 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that small YouTube channels are actually very relatable and entertaining. You won't be able to find them on your YouTube homepage though. Here's how to find new small YouTubers to watch.

 The videos that appear on your Youtube homepage, or when you search for a topic, are almost entirely dominated by big Youtubers who have that 'mainstream' vibe which is sometimes off-putting "HEY WHATS GOING ON GUYS, SMASH THAT LIKE BUTTON"

Here's how to find new small Youtube channels to watch:

1. Search for the topic you're interested in. Eg. Exercise without gym
2. Click on the 'Filter' button just above the videos (This is indicated by 3 white lines in the top right corner of the Youtube mobile app)
3. Change the upload date from Any time to This week or Today
4. You will now be shown fresh content meaning large Youtube channels are not dominating the search page. Most of the videos you see here will be from smaller channels.

You'll be surprised how funny some of these small channels are.

If you’re interested in improving physical and mental health content then you can find that through my Reddit profile above :)
		-- u/hamzareddit369852, 30527 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that some Black Friday products are lower quality items made just for the holiday. Always check model numbers!

**Why YSK:** Black Friday is right around the corner so just a reminder that a lot of big companies produce derivative products (like TVs) just for Black Friday that are either not as high quality or have their features stripped down to make the sale worth it. It's not always a bad thing, sometimes you don't care about those features or just want a cheap TV. But if you do care, make sure to always check the model numbers!
		-- u/livebythem, 25906 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that some restaurants on DoorDash and Grubhub are fake restaurants that chains put up to get more business

Why YSK: If you're trying to order food from local places it's best to look the place up before ordering. There are several restaurants on DoorDash and GrubHub that have names like "Just Wings", "Just Sliders and Pies", and "The Meltdown" that are actually just Wingstop, Chilies, and Denny's masquerading as other restaurants.

Links and sources: https://www.today.com/food/chuck-e-cheese-applebee-s-are-delivering-food-under-different-t181814

It's Just Sliders  Pies
https://yelp.to/Ghr3SKenfhb

https://foodondemandnews.com/03102021/qa-with-dennys-virtual-brand-leader-dave-coltrin/
		-- u/Melonpan_Pup442, 18936 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that sometimes when we tell people, especially children, to just "be themselves," we are mistaking a request for help with social skills for a self-esteem problem.

Let me start by saying that of course self-esteem problems and poor social skills can coexist. But social skills are just that, they're skills. They need to be learned and practised. Kids don't all learn at the same rate, and it can be hard for them to clearly express the nature of the interpersonal problems they're having. Heck, adults struggle with that. My point is that sometimes when kids are struggling socially, they may need some coaching in their social skills in addition to a pep talk.

When I was a kid, I struggled socially because I talked way too much and wouldn't really let the other kids participate when we played together. When I asked adults why other kids didn't like me, they told me to just be myself, so the problem persisted. I don't know what the best ways are to assess social skills in children, but I think this is something to be aware of when we talk to kids.
		-- u/[deleted], 28002 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that store employees are going through a stressful time right now, and we should all treat them with kindness and patience.

Yesterday I was at Walmart and saw how depleted the store was. No toilet paper, paper towels, tissues, bottled water, and most canned goods and breads were gone too. The items that were left on the shelves were very disorganized, and I felt bad that for the employees because they have will have to clean up the mess that panicked shoppers left.

 After going through the self checkout line, an employee came up and wiped down the area. I asked her what was the craziest thing that she experienced at work lately. She vented for several minutes about how rude customers have been, how they demand to know when they will have more toilet paper, how big the shipment will be, and if they plan to order more. She told me that she couldn't give them an answer and said that she even saw a guy try to fight someone else for the items in their cart. I asked her if anyone has quit and she said not yet. 

Please be kind and respectful to store employees. It's not their fault that they are sold out of things.

Edit: I'm not saying that employees don't deserve to be treated with respect and kindness under normal circumstances. I thought that would be assumed without saying, but here I am editing my post.
		-- u/NikkiRex, 28337 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that strangulation can have serious delayed effects and you should always seek medical assistance after being strangled.

I've just found this out this evening after being strangled myself. I couldn't see any bruising and felt no immediate symptoms, and was going to go to bed, until a friend suggested that I ring the non emergency number to seek advice.

I was advised by a doctor that strangulation (even if there are no visible or physical symptoms) can have serious delayed effects up to days or weeks after the event. These effects are serious and can include a stroke, heart attack or even death. 

Always always ***always*** seek medical assistance to check you over even if you feel fine. Cutting off oxygen for any amount of time causes brain damage, and the delayed effects could be life threatening. 

Source: https://www.strangulationtraininginstitute.com/health-issues-result-from-strangulation/
		-- u/[deleted], 16028 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that straws-free campaigns are a hoax

 Why YSK

Don't get me wrong, it's much better if you use a biodegradable straw or drink straight from the glass, but the no-straw campaigns don't really solve anything. They are used by large companies to blame people for plastic pollution, while they themselves feel free to continue dumping millions of tons a year into the ocean. The top 10 largest food companies are responsible for more than 80% of all plastic dumped.

Furthermore, it is very rare for turtles or other marine wildlife to be killed by a straw, the most common situation for them to die is being entangled in dumped fishing gears (which are also the most common plastic product thrown into the ocean with more than 600,000 tons per year) and plastic bags as turtles often mistake them for jellyfish.

That means we can´t help? No. There are other ways we can help, but the real solution depends on this companies waste management and the goverments laws about the issue.

Edit: Apparently I misused the word "hoax" 
What I was referring to is that companies glorify these campaigns, attributing themselves to the role of environmentalists when in reality they are only transferring the blame for water pollution, washing their hands in the process for being the biggest polluters, practically at no cost to them. And incidentally taking the publicity.
I'm aware there are companies who take more seriously this issue and have been modifying their plastic disposal protocols and/or their dependence of this material, betting for other eco-friendly solutions and i applaud them for really taking responsability of their carbon print.
It all depends on the people behind and government regulations, and we really need them, because without the big companies doing their part there's not much we as individuals can do.
		-- u/Can17272, 19272 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that talking to a friend in a foreign language while another friend that does not understand such language is around you is extremely impolite, given that there is a common language between the three of you.

This is true even if you think you are talking about something that won’t interest the third friend.

Talking in a common language will give your friend the opportunity to join the conversation if he feels inclined to do so.

Talking in a foreign language will make this friend feel left out and unappreciated.

I am amazed at how many people I know who are generally very polite, yet have a huge blind spot when it comes to this and can have really long conversations without realizing they are completely leaving someone out of the conversation.

——————————————-

Edit: 

reading the replies I should point out that there are clearly exceptions to this. Actually, there is a whole gradient of situations ranging from your friends being completely expected to try to speak a common language to it being completely fine to expect someone to learn a language.

If you live in a foreign country, obviously you are expected to learn that country’s language. It would be rude for you to expect everyone to accommodate your needs. Clearly.

If you invite two friends to your house, in your native country, it is really rude of them to switch to their native language mid conversation (one which you were actually engaged in), completely locking you out of the conversation in your own house. That is rude.

And there are many situations in between. A friend passed by and is just doing a quick catching up- that is fine, no expectations here. Still, in this case, if he goes out of his way to include you, then it will be super appreciated!

Also, many seem to have assumed I’m an American expecting everyone to speak English. This is not the case at all. My family speaks a number of languages and we teach our children to always try to find a language everyone understands. Just like we teach them not to whisper in front of a friend (that’s rude) or not to exclude friends from conversations.

Obviously, sometimes there is no single common language, in which case there is not much that can be done.
		-- u/spinn80, 23565 upvotes, 0.83 ratio.
%
YSK that the 'cheap' gifts that you receive from your employer might actually be paid out of the pocket of your manager.

Why YSK: I know it's the season to shit on shitty corporate gifts, and I'm all for it in the event that the money does come out of the corporate budget, but before you light your torches when you get your present, consider that what you received was paid from the pocket of someone not too far removed from you.

25 years ago, when we all got our first 'real jobs' out of college, I remember many of my mates bragging about their company-funded golf games and company-expensed dinners and amazing Christmas bonuses. In retrospect I think most of them were exaggerating/lying, but I always wondered why I never had those perks.

Come Christmas, my immediate manager (we were a team of 12) went around and gave envelopes to everyone. 'Here's the fat Christmas bonus I hear everyone talk about', I thought to myself.

I open the envelope and see a $15 gift certificate to a retail store. 'That's it?' I thought to myself 'I bust my chops all day for $15?' I was livid.

I was livid all the way home. Livid that evening. Livid that weekend. I told my gf how livid I was. I expected her to be livid along with me.

Instead, she said "That was nice of her, spending her own money like that." That's when I realized that this wasn't a cheap gift, but an amazing, thoughtful gift. I was so obsessed with myself, that I didn't realize that we were the only team to get something.

My manager - who wasn't getting paid much more than us, but who had way more financial responsibilities than us - took it upon herself to go out and get each of her team something with her own money - almost $200.

I felt terrible for feeling the way I did, but it taught me a valuable lesson in life.

Happy holidays, everyone!
		-- u/daddy-daddy-cool, 39011 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK that the Internet Archive has digitized over 3.8 million books and counting, and all of them can be borrowed for free

Why YSK: Sometimes we need a book or a reference quickly, or just want a digital book to read for personal enjoyment. Because the library only loans out as many digital copies as it has physical copies, it also respects the author's copyright, unlike some other online libraries.

[Most recently added books to the library](https://archive.org/details/inlibrary?sort=-addeddate)

[Most viewed books in the library](https://archive.org/details/inlibrary?sort=-week)

[Internet Archive's FAQ and guide about borrowing books](https://help.archive.org/help/borrowing-from-the-lending-library/)
		-- u/theflighttest, 21867 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that the XBox One S is not the same thing as the XBox Series S

Why YSK:  XBox One S is the current/old generation console; XBox Series S is the just-released version, and probably the one that Little Johnny is wanting for Christmas. What makes it worse is that they are both advertised at $299 at various retailers.

This is terribly, horribly confusing naming decision. I predict a firestorm of confusion and disappointment this holiday season...
		-- u/A7omicDog, 26386 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that the average reading age in the US is that is that of a 13 year old, so when writing something for mass communication you should keep your language clear, simple, and unambiguous

So firstly I need to say a couple of things.

I'm not picking on the US, it's just the majority of people on Reddit are from there. I'm from the UK and our reading age is lower at 9 years, so it's not a dunk.

Secondly some people try to link reading age to intelligence which just isn't the case. People with a low reading age can be very intelligent. There are many difficulties that people struggle with that can impair their reading age, but doesn't affect how intelligent they are.

Why YSK: If you want to get your message across to the widest number of people you *have* to use simple language, you can't assume everyone has the same vocabulary.

Being overtly and overly sesquipedalian can make you seem churlish, and alienate your audience. 😜
		-- u/CaptainI9C3G6, 14013 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that the best time to photograph your Christmas lights is at dusk, not when it's fully dark out.

Why YSK: I see so many absolutely horrible photos of holiday decorations that people have clearly spent a lot of hard work on.  Put your best foot forward when photographing them to share with family, friends, and internet strangers!

Photographing your lights at night just makes for a lopsided exposure - either the lights look okay and everything else is really dark, or the scene looks right but the lights are blown out.  Go outside at dusk and photograph your lit-up display then; you'll see all of the lights looking beautiful and you'll also get a nice glow from the rest of the photo (your house, your yard, etc).

Obviously using a tripod and a manual camera can help even more, but timing your photographs this way is the easiest way to get significantly better looking pictures of your sweet holiday displays even if you're just taking pictures with your phone.

edit: wow, I did not expect such a large response to this. I'm still not entirely clear on what the little awards do, but they made me smile, so thanks internet strangers!
		-- u/CatDadMilhouse, 23171 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that the best way to get a raise is to switch jobs.

**Why YSK.** If you want to earn more money, relying on your current employer to give you a raise is not the most effective way. According to [data](https://www.atlantafed.org/chcs/wage-growth-tracker) from the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, wage increases for people who stay at their job have trailed wage increases for people who switched jobs for more than a decade.

In other words, relying on company loyalty (i.e., your company rewarding your work with more money) is the least effective way of earning a higher income. If you need a raise, get your resume ready and start looking for jobs.
		-- u/ButtholeBanquets, 17038 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that the expiration date for things like honey and salt is for the container not the product

So you can stop saying things like “if they found that thousand year old honey that was still good to eat then why does mine go off next week?”

Edit: I’ve been made aware that some non perishable foods have best by dates for commercial reasons.
		-- u/[deleted], 14814 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that the hymen is not an indicator of virginity and that it is NOT normal for sex to hurt

I find it frustrating that even today you see things about how a woman having a hymen means she's a virgin. Or how it's "normal" for sex to hurt, especially the first time. No and no! If sex hurts, speak to a doctor. It shouldn't hurt, even the first time.

Gynecologist Jennifer Gunter explained this best (the sub won't let me link):

"The hymen is a left over collection of cells that typically partially occludes the vaginal opening. Many mammals have hymen. Humans, dogs, cats, camels, elephants etc. if this were for marriage/a social construct of virginity then other mammals would not have them. 

The hymen is more rigid at birth and provides more covering for the first 3 years to keep urine and feces out of the infant vagina, which lacks estrogen so is very sensitive to irritants. 

When most children become continent coincides with the time the hymen starts to take on different shapes and flexibility because evolution no longer cares. 

Yes, the hymen is like baby teeth. It served a biological purpose for a narrow developmental window and then when no longer needed is discarded. 

The hymen is no virginity indicator, 50% of sexually active teens do not have a disrupted hymen. The hymen is often very flexible. 

What about blood stained sheets on the wedding night? 2/3 of women have no bleeding with first coitus and for those who do it is usually spotting. The hymen does not have a rich blood supply. Blood stained sheets come from sexual trauma. 

Also 2/3 of women have no pain with first coitus. 

Some people think the hymen would tell a man if the wedding night baby was his. Um, no. Chance of conception from single act of sex 2-5%, for most of evolution mortality in 1st year very high. Evolution doesn’t invest in 1-2.5% chances. Also, if paternity were evolutionarily so important, why invest in the first baby only? Or why not have an elephant’s hymen that only breaks in childbirth? 

The hymen means nothing physically and hymen exams are medically not a thing and are unnecessary. And support a disgusting patriarchal trope."

[Here](https://youtu.be/wa3MnKV1CKI) is a speech she did on it.

Edit: Let me clarify as my title may not have been phrased perfectly. First time sex hurts for 1/3 of women. That's the minority. However, just because 1/3 of women feel pain doesn't mean they should. [Sex should not hurt.](https://www.drgreene.com/qa-articles/sex-should-not-hurt) There's a difference between pain and discomfort. But the medical community agrees that sex should not hurt. [Reasons](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/31/style/sex-pain-causes-solutions.html) for pain can be due to lack of foreplay or lube. Because it's too rough or fast. Because of a minor or serious medical condition. All in all, we should not normalize painful sex. We should not tell girls to power through the pain of their first time. Take your time, communicate, and try to determine why there is pain. Stop telling boys and girls that it's totally normal for sex to hurt. And of course, if sex hurts every time you should 100% see a doctor.
		-- u/_Futureghost_, 11690 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that the incorrect numerical answers on a multiple choice exam aren’t randomly generated. The person preparing the exam knows what mistakes students commonly make and uses those mistakes to calculate the incorrect answers.

Why YSK: You can learn all the material in a class and still perform poorly if you do not test well. This is especially true for multiple choice exams, as the grader does not review your work. 

I’ve worked with thousands of students. Some seem to be under the impression that if the number they calculate matches a multiple choice option, they must have the correct answer. However, if you get a number that matches a multiple choice option, that only means you didn’t make a calculator error or another unpredictable error. You still need to check your work as you may have made a predictable error. 

The best way to check your work  on any format of exam is to actively look for common errors (simple example - every time I type the word “your” I try replacing it with “you are” if “you are” fits, I replace “your” with “you’re”.)

On a multiple choice exam, you can compare your answer to the other answers to get an idea of what mistake you were expected to make. For example, you calculate an answer of 2.5 g. If other possible answers include 1.25 g or 5 g, then students were expected to forget to either divide or multiply by 2. If the other answers are 2.5 kg or 2.5 mg then students were expected to make a mistake by a factor of 1000. 

On a written exam, I always recommend checking for calculator errors by plugging your work into the calculator twice to make sure you get the same number.
		-- u/Acceptable_Parfait27, 12091 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK that the juice from rare  medium-cooked steaks is not blood. It is myoglobin.

Why YSK:  There is a misconception that steaks cooked less than well-done are "bloody."  I've heard people say "I don't want any blood," or "It's still mooing."  Well the good news is that the juices are not blood.  They are different.  I'm not a biologist or anything, but it's my understanding that blood carries oxygen to muscles while hemoglobin is where it's stored.  The blood was drained out of the animal long before it hit the grocery store or restaurant.

It's perfectly fine if you prefer your steaks well-done.  That's your prerogative.  If you prefer the texture, flavor, etc... go right ahead.  However, if your reason for not eating (or at least trying) a medium rare steak is that you don't want to eat blood, then rest assured you won't be.
		-- u/theWet_Bandits, 10804 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that the odds of killing a pedestrian with your vehicle become twice as deadly between the speeds of 30 and 40 mph. In residential neighborhoods where the limit is 30, go 30. It can mean the difference between someone living or dying.

If you hit someone at 30mph with your vehicle, they have a 40% chance of not surviving the collision. If you hit them at 40mph, they have an 80% chance of not making it. The road right in front of my house is 30mph and people constantly fly up and down it going 40-50. It infuriates me that my next trip crossing the street to my mailbox could mean I end up in a casket tomorrow because many people place no value on human life other than them and their own.
		-- u/Colin_Bowell, 36637 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that the phrase Reduce, Reuse, Recycle is in that order for a reason. Not buying things that would be recycled or reusing them is more important than recycling.

Why YSK: Recycling is expensive, and sometimes the product [ends up in a landfill anyway](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/jun/21/us-plastic-recycling-landfills). Buying less junk or reusing things yourself are better for the environment than recycling.

Reusing a product is also better than recycling. Sell or give away old furniture. Use old jelly jars to store leftovers. Refill soap dispensers. Reusing products means buying new stuff less often.
		-- u/Ajreil, 18920 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that the reason people sometimes drive cautiously is because they may have precious cargo and not because they’re old or too cautious.

You never know what someone has in their vehicle that is making them drive slow; could be their pets or an expensive item they are transporting. I know individuals who regularly transport $15k machine parts in their personal vehicles and they need to take turns slow. Too often, I get mad at someone for not being aggressive and taking that turn or accelerating slower than I do. I forget that not everyone has an empty vehicle like mine.
		-- u/slow-swimmer, 42534 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK that the recommended daily fiber intake is 25g for women and 38g for men in the USA. 95% of the country does not meet this amount.

Why YSK: fiber is important for optimal human health. It helps us avoid [diabetes, heart disease, colon cancer, obesity](https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/healthy-eating/fiber-helps-diabetes.html), and other diseases. This is particularly important in developed countries such as mine (USA) that are [suffering greatly from these diseases](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/leading-causes-of-death.htm).

The recommended daily fiber intake is [25g for women and 38g for men](https://www.usda.gov/media/blog/2015/03/31/online-nutrition-resources-your-fingertips) in the USA, and [95%](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6124841/) of us don't meet this amount. This suggests an urgent need for us to increase our daily fiber intake, which can be achieved by swapping out ultra-processed foods and animal foods that are void of fiber with whole plant foods such as fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, nuts, and seeds.
		-- u/James_Fortis, 18249 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that the smell of your house from when you come back from a trip is what others always smell, when they meet you

This will be helpful when inviting guests over or keeping your house clean
		-- u/[deleted], 18561 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that the speaker at a drive through is always on when there’s a vehicle near it.

Edit: I messed up the title, the speaker is also a microphone. 

Why YSK

I’m posting this here because I told a story of my experiences working at a McDonald’s during high school, and lots of people didn’t realize the speaker/mic can hear everything you say as long as your car is even a little near it. 

The story was about what people say in their car before they are greeted, and if they’re stuck there in line after the order has been taken. 

This is important because if you’re the type of person to sing songs from frozen while waiting in line and don’t want like 10 people listening, or make rude comments about the staff, everyone in the store with a headset can still hear you.
		-- u/Zachman97, 17238 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that the term “non-GMO” is essentially an advertising ploy. GMOs have no established health risks in humans.

I expect comments might say this is common knowledge. I will point out that a lot of people don't know about GMOs or science in general, including some of my own friends and family. This post is meant to address those people.

The only legitimate controversies over GMOs involve ethical or environmental concerns. One example is Belgian Blue, a breed of cattle that contains extra muscles. Critics say it is unethical to create that kind of cow. Note that the issue here is NOT human health. The cows themselves are perfectly safe to eat.

I will repeat what I said in the title: GMOs have no established health risks in humans. In some cases, they are actually beneficial to humans. Consider golden rice, a modified version of rice that contains added precursors for vitamin A. This was meant to combat vitamin A deficiency in Asia, which can lead to blindness. The public’s perception of GMOs prevented golden rice from succeeding, as was addressed in a letter from over 100 Nobel prize laureates (discussed [here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/speaking-of-science/wp/2016/06/29/more-than-100-nobel-laureates-take-on-greenpeace-over-gmo-stance/)).

GMOs do not cause cancer. They are created by inserting a non-naturally occurring gene or mutation into an organism which is then consumed by humans. While it is established that genetic modification can cause cancer, that would occur in the original organism, *not the consumer*. Genetic modifications are not passed between organisms. If you find yourself questioning that statement, consider the fact that genetic diseases are not transmissible.

There is an article from a Harvard blog that reinforces a lot of what I have said. [Check it out](http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2015/will-gmos-hurt-my-body/) if you’re interested, and I encourage you to do your own research as well.

Edit: I'm seeing a lot of people address the bad business models (mainly Monsanto and overuse of pesticides). These are all valid complaints. I merely wanted to address the public illusion about the GMOs themselves.
		-- u/dogeman87, 39706 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK that there are cases of bubonic plague every year around the world and the recent cases in the news are no reason to panic

[you can see the data here ](https://www.cdc.gov/plague/maps/index.html)

It's also not a death sentence and treatable with antibiotics, so please don't be terrified by what you see in the news.
		-- u/lucifertangerine, 39862 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that there are hundreds of jobs, even entire fields, that you have never even heard of. This is especially good to know if you are feeling limited in your job search or career options.

Seriously.  People get paid to do anything and everything.  Some ideas for broadening your scope:

- Volunteering some time with an organization you aren't familiar with is a GREAT way to begin.  Ask around or start looking on search engines and social media.  Targeted ads will start appearing, potentially leading you to new opportunities.  If you have a communal recreation center or university/college in your town, those are also great ways to begin connecting with new people and opportunities.

- Speaking of targeted ads, search (whatever hobby/sport/field you're interested in) and then the word jobs.   It doesn't have to be in your area, but it could get you started in the right direction to finding related positions, which you can then google for further detail.  Ads may also start appearing for that line of work in or near your area, if work is available.

- Look for weekend or weeklong courses in your area.  Sign up for one, and ask the other participants what they do for a living and why they're taking the course.  First aid is a great start if you don't have it, as many different jobs require it, but literally anything is useful to some degree.  Pick whatever interests you.  Or, if you can and want to, check out full courses at a university or college.

- Look up courses in a university website.  Read their descriptions.  Search jobs that need xxxx for whatever catches your attention.  Follow the rabbit trails.

- Look in your local classified ads for temporary or weekend type jobs that can give you a taste in something new without a huge time commitment (if you don't have time to give - if you do, longer term temporary or seasonal jobs are fantastic for trialing new fields of work or study!)

- Search temporary or seasonal jobs in your area, for the reasons mentioned above.

- Look beyond the classified ads.  Every city and government have their own Careers page.  Look on university websites, many have job pages specifically for students who need summer jobs etc.  Check out the websites of your favorite companies to shop at.  Check out the websites of companies in that field you've always thought it would be cool to work in.  

- Look into volunteering internationally if you are able.  Different organizations around the world offer all kinds of cool knowledge and practice for skills you might never have an opportunity to experience at home.

- Lastly, just look around you.  You might be surprised.  Someone needs to wash the traffic lights.  Someone needs to paint the murals.  Someone needs to shut the gates at your local park when it closes.  Ask people how they got their jobs.  Ask everyone - the girl who took your photo at the carnival, the guy who sold your neighbour his hay, the guy who booked your campsite.  Even if you aren't interested in their actual job(s), they may point you to a resource you hadn't considered before.

The job of your dreams is waiting for you!  Good luck!
		-- u/WeAreDestroyers, 14853 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that there are thousands of vacant opportunities out there unnoticed, because companies are reluctant to advertise their open positions in public platforms. Trust me, there are unexplored resources for those who are hit by unemployment crisis

**Why YSK**: Not all companies post up-to-date open positions on regular job boards. Some of them would have expired by the time they post on job boards. So, the best bet would be to bookmark company career pages, internal job portals and revisit them regularly for latest updates. Candidates found to have better response rate from recruiters when they apply from respective career page or internal job portals. Make sure that you don't miss out great resources like the one [reported by CNN](https://edition.cnn.com/2020/11/22/us/cal-state-job-database-trnd/index.html) recently. Do not just rely on any specific job boards and go for referrals if possible. Ultimately, you would want to minimize negative experience from job applications, hence the need of different approach.
		-- u/Satire1408, 22440 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that there is NEVER only one deer.

Never, ever ever. 

If you're driving at night and just saw a single deer cross the road at the edge of your headlights? SLOW DOWN ANYWAY. Slow to a crawl, if it's safe to do so. A second deer is nearby and will follow it across, every time. 

I've driven on rural Midwest highways my entire life. Just yesterday, for the first time ever, I actually saw a lone deer. But that's not the norm, and that's how they getcha.
		-- u/SprocketSaga, 33934 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that there is a .gov website that allows you to type in any doctor's name and see the type and monetary value of any kickbacks or perks that the doctor received from pharmaceutical companies/ drug reps, and the name of the company that gave the perks.

The website is [https://openpaymentsdata.cms.gov](https://openpaymentsdata.cms.gov/).
 This becomes relevant in examining your doctor's motives for prescribing certain drugs. For example, if your doctor is pushing OxyContin instead of a lighter or different drug, and you see that he received $5,000 from Purdue Pharma (maker of OxyContin), you might get kind of suspicious and ask your doctor about it directly. If they received $50,000, you might be wise to just switch doctors. Of course, this pertains to any medication, not just narcotics. 
		-- u/ThePatientsFiance, 15725 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that there is a CDC page dedicated to male victims of sexual and domestic assault/abuse. If you are one of the many male victims out there, this page has resources and information that may help you find solace and understanding

https://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/datasources/nisvs/men-ipvsvandstalking.html

Why YSK: If you are a male victim of sexual violence such as myself, you may find solace in the information and help through the resources given here. Is critical that you get the help you need and remember that it is NEVER your fault.

Edit: I am overwhelmed by the replies from so many of you. You are all so brave. u/p0tat0p0tat0 graciously pointed out the advocacy group “1in6” which has a [24 hour hotline](https://1in6.org/helpline/) for anyone who needs help.
		-- u/DDsLaboratory, 25560 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that there is a simplified English version of Wikipedia.

 [https://simple.wikipedia.org](https://simple.wikipedia.org/) is the link.

Why YSK: This has a load of articles, described in much simpler terms, making it way easier to understand a topic, for instance [Thermocouple on the Simple page](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermocouple) vs [Thermocouple on the regular page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermocouple). This is a great revision tool for many topics.
		-- u/typicalcitrus, 15021 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that there is a version of Windows 10 that comes without any ads, bloatware and spyware. It's called Windows 10 LTSC.

The full name is Windows 10 Enterprise LTSC (Long Term Servicing Channel). It's a variant of the Enterprise edition and is the Windows 10 equivalent of Windows 7 Ultimate. 

LTSC is:

* clean (no pre-installed non-removable junk "apps" and no ads), 
* resource efficient (no cortana and other background processes) and 
* stable (no feature updates to break your computer - just security and bug fixes for 10 years).

It's not actively advertised, Microsoft tries rather hard to make sure people don't use it and Windows 10 fans will barage you with marketing talking points about how awful and useless it is.

----
EDIT: The discussion below is quite lively, so I encourage anyone interested in LTSC to first read up on it, to evaluate all pros and cons carefully (e.g. no official support for Cortana might actually be a bad thing for your needs) and reach your own conclusions. Don't let me or those that are hardcore against LTSC make your decision for you.

#EDIT2:
		-- u/hungriestjoe, 10878 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that there is an app called TraffickCam that allows you to upload photos of your hotel room to a database that allows authorities to determine where perpetrators of sex trafficking are committing their crimes.

Easily downloadable from the App Store. 😊

Edit: this is how the app works—you snap a few photos of your hotel room. Identifying characteristics help, such as a unique piece of art, landmark out the window, or specific bed spread. These photos get logged into the database where they can be compared with photos that detectives already have of suspected trafficking victims. Lots of times traffickers will use hotel rooms to “showcase” (yuck) their victims and post those images to the dark web. The app has smart software that can digitally read the room and hopefully provide quick answers in the future to catch these things happening in the act.

I’ve posted some resources below as well, in case anyone doesn’t have a smart phone or doesn’t feel comfortable downloading an app like this.

[Here’s a guide on how to identify a trafficking victim in the US](https://www.state.gov/identify-and-assist-a-trafficking-victim/) 

[US resources](https://humantraffickinghotline.org) 

[UK resources](https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/immigration/trafficking/report-human-trafficking/) 

[EU resources](https://ec.europa.eu/anti-trafficking/citizens-corner-national-hotlines/national-hotlines_en) 

[South America resources](https://polarisproject.org/human-trafficking/) 

[South Africa resources](https://0800222777.org.za) 

[Canada resources](https://www.publicsafety.gc.ca/cnt/cntrng-crm/hmn-trffckng/index-en.aspx) 

[Australia resources](https://www.afp.gov.au/what-we-do/crime-types/human-trafficking) 

[NZ resources](https://www.immigration.govt.nz/about-us/policy-and-law/integrity-of-the-immigration-system/people-trafficking) 

[India resources](https://www.prajwalaindia.com) 

[China resources ](http://un-act.org/china/) 

[Pakistan resources](https://sharp-pakistan.org/projects/completed-projects/human-trafficking/) 

[UN global resources](https://www.unodc.org/unodc/human-trafficking/) 

Sorry if your country wasn’t listed. 🙈
		-- u/onwardtapir, 13710 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that there is an app called TraffickCam that enables you to help combat human trafficking by uploading photos of hotel rooms you stay in when you travel.

Traffickers often post photos of their victims posing in hotel rooms for online advertisements. These photos are evidence and can be used to locate and prosecute traffickers, but investigators must be able to determine where these photos were taken in order to use them. 

When you take pictures of hotel rooms and upload them to TraffickCam’s database of hotel room images, you make it much easier for investigators to find other images that were taken in the same location as an image that’s part of an investigation.
		-- u/evanthomp, 11040 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that there is no physical exam for virginity.

Why YSK: There is no way to (accurately) determine a woman's virginity based on a physical exam. It is a myth that a lack of hymen means one is not a virgin. The hymen is a thin, stretchy membrane that partially surrounds the opening to the vagina. It does not serve a known biologic purpose but is a remnant of embryologic development.  That being said, they can vay widely person to person. Not every female is born with one. They come in all different sizes and shapes. You should know that hymen can break doing normal day to day activities or exercising. It is possible for it to break and not even know it is broken. The whole cherry pop idea is a myth that has caused a lot of emotional pain, psychological damage, and sometimes even death.

 This problem is especially true for women coming from purity/modesty cultures where evidence of a broken hymen means you are impure or a disgrace. There are women who will ask their doctors to surgically replace or repair a broken hymen so their family doesn't disown them. Please educate yourself about this! A girl will not lose her virginity to a tampon or masturbation.

Citation: https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/teens/sex/virginity

Edit: For clarification, some people are born without one. Also, it is not necessarily torn during sex.
 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1113684/

Edit: I should also clarify that, even if people say thay there is a test for virginity, it is not accurate and should not be used to judge a person. I cannot correct the title to add (*accurate). Nor is it helpful to propagate the idea that anyone should be doing these hurtful tests to women.
		-- u/Creosotegirl, 12835 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that there's an increasing amount of AirBnB listings are ran by scammers.

Long article because writer described what happened to each guest, who was scammed, in details.  Though how they got scammed is the same. 

 Google Airbnb scam and there's probably more articles.

https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/43k7z3/nationwide-fake-host-scam-on-airbnb?utm_source=pocket-newtab

Edit: As far as I know the only other platform out there that is similar to Airbnb is booking.com. Both have listing of room in homes for short term rental.  I used booking.com in Europe. It was a mixed experience.  I stayed at a hotel, a hostel, and a room at a residential house. The house was the most misleading one, and the worst experience. 

For rental of the entire place, also try homeaway.com which is owned by the same company that owns vrbo, which has been around much longer than Airbnb.  

Whatever platform you use, 
1. read the reviews THOROUGHLY. 
2.check google maps for surrounding areas for indication of types of neighborhood; type of grocery stores, nearby shops and businesses; pawn shops and cash advance indicate low income neighborhood
3. parking (Stayed at nice Miami condo but parking is parking at your own risk, and paid parking is for 5 hours at a time, so you can’t park overnight or you could but you’ll have to get up in the middle of the night to feed the meter. None of that was mentioned in the listing. And I didn’t think to ask by I was a noob in major metro city,)
4. Use google street view. 
5. Check to see if there’s other listings by same owner.
6. Set expectations based on your trip; need a bed to crash or longer stay with option to cook at host’s house. Check your needs and wants and read to see if the host provides it. 

Lastly, leave reviews to help others.  That’s how I knew how to avoid some listings.
		-- u/nuocmam, 11218 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that there's this amazing website called Documentary Mania which literally has hundreds if not thousands of free documentaries sorted by themes or topics. It is fast and with no annoying ads.

Why YSK: I have always been a curious guy who loves watching a good documentary. The other day I had a really boring Physics lecture and I thought that maybe if I watched Cosmos: A space-time Odyssey, that would ignite a little spark to make my lectures more enjoyable. The thing is where I am from, I couldn't find it anywhere Netflix, Amazon Prime, etc. Miracously, I stumbled to this site, which looked very suspicious in the beginning (I am very skeptical of watching free stuff online). However, the online viewing quality is great, the download speed is decent and the few docs I watched even come with subtitles. Moreover, as the docs are sorted by themes, I found more than 10 I was interested in and added them to a potential playlist. I am very happy with this site, which I know, sounds too good to be true. So far, I haven't had a single problem. Enjoy! 

[https://www.documentarymania.com/home.php](https://www.documentarymania.com/home.php)

PS : I use brave browser which blocks adds. I don't really know if the normal website drops a bunch of adds everytime you click something . If so , that sucks , but I think its still a site worth sharing
		-- u/facu_draper, 68398 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that tomahawk steaks are a scam

Why YSK: Tomahawk steaks are just ribeye steaks with extra bone, which looks neat in pictures, but you're generally paying a 40 to 80 dollar upcharge for that piece of bone that does nothing to enhance the flavor of the steak. It's not like you can eat that extra 12 inches of bone, it exists only to look cool and cost you money. 

Just get a nice bone-in ribeye, you'll pay less and get the exact same dining experience.
		-- u/burstintoflames, 14694 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that touching your dog (Messing with their paws, looking in their ears etc.) can save their life

Why YSK: Some dog owners can look at their dog while they are in the middle of a health crisis and not KNOW it is a health crisis, especially with things like dog bloat. Messing with your dog's ears, paws, tail, stomach, etc. will also help you with grooming them, as they will be used to you touching them. This also will help you notice when something is wrong. My mom spent hours with her GSD puppy just messing with him, and she knew how he acted normally vs. how he acts when he is sick/upset. This saved his life when he had dog bloat, and he is happy and healthy two years later. Get to know your dogs, and it not only will make life so much easier when grooming them, but it might also save your furry friend's life!
		-- u/DoctorDilemmaa, 27127 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that translate.google.com can serve as a web proxy. Simply paste your URL into the translate field and then click on the result and view the page in the original language. This way you can navigate any web-page via google.com. Google is almost never blocked so this trick works on most occasions.

Web filters in the workplace, schools libraries etc. can be pretty strict. But Google.com is almost never banned. So proxying traffic through google.com can effectively allow to most websites in virtually any network.
		-- u/kamenoccc, 17632 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that turning on airplane mode disables Ads in your favorite mobile game

Are you tired of your favorite mobile game having ad after every mission wasting 20-30sec of your life. Well to you that don’t know that by turning your phone onto airplane mode it will shut off ads. Make sure when you do this that you don’t have anything important going on as this also shuts off your internet so you won’t be getting many notifications, after all you are playing your favorite mobile game why would you want to be bothered.

Edit: IK the ads support the devs. IK it doesn’t work on all games.
		-- u/bringbackwestrenbbq, 14087 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that until November 2000, military dogs were euthanized or abandoned after retirement, however, you can now adopt one as a member of your family

 

Before this time service dogs were considered “military surplus equipment” and deemed unfit to adjust to civilian life. These heroes were thrown away or put down instead of honored. President Clinton passed “Robby’s Law” in 2000 which allows handlers and their families first dibs at adopting military animals at the end of their useful service. The dogs are next offered to law enforcement, then adoptive families. Organizations like Saveavet.org place these retired heroes with suitable families and ensure they are given the honorable discharge they deserve. There is currently a waiting lists of civilians who want to give these veterans a loving home in which to retire. The wait is up to 12-18 months as of this post.

Military working dogs usually hold a higher rank than their handler. This is to prevent the handler from mistreating their dog and is usually a sign of respect. Most Military working dogs hold the rank of an Non-Commissioned officer. After their service every measure is taken to ensure that they are trained to get acclimated to civilian life. MWD's are usually German Shepherds, Belgian Malinois and Labrador's to name a few.

There are about 2500 dogs in active service today and about 700 deployed overseas.

EDIT: Repost because I'm not allowed to include websites
		-- u/Brandflakerson, 40805 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that used electric cars are really affordable, and you save a lot of money on gas, oil changes, and maintenance

Electric cars only need minimal maintenance like tire rotation, new wiper fluid and wipers, and a new air filter every few thousand miles. Other than that, they're really easy to maintain. Due to the use of regenerative braking, the brakes are known to last pass 100k miles.

Used Nissan Leafs for example cost less than $10k. You can charge your car with a wall outlet at home or use public chargers. Finally, they're just more fun to drive. It's like driving a powerful golf cart. Traffic isn't as much of a nightmare because at least you're regenerating power while everyone else wastes gas and pollutes the air. 

I am posting this because I love my little Kia Soul EV and think more people should consider switching to an EV. EVs aren't for everyone but for me, it's just an easier and cheaper lifestyle overall.

Update: Keep in mind I'm referring to used cars not new ones. I traded my Prius for $20k and got a Kia Soul EV with the same miles on it for $15k. There are gently used Leafs for under $10k. Prices are coming down quickly for the used non-Tesla EVs. (I think it's because people sell their EV once they can afford a Tesla.) EV batteries are covered under warranty until 100k miles, at least in the US. Replacing them is only getting cheaper. By the time you need to replaced your battery, your EV will have saved you thousands. Here's a good article on EV myths: https://www.myev.com/research/ev-101/10-common-electric-car-myths-busted

Tldr USED electric vehicles are affordable and easy to take care of.
		-- u/[deleted], 26120 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK that viral infections like the common cold and flu CANNOT be cured by antibiotics- those only work for bacterial infections. DO NOT ask your doctor for antibiotics when you have a viral illness. This only makes it so antibiotics won't work as well for you and others in the future.

Taking antibiotics when you don't need them creates immunity both in your body and in the community in the long run. The more we use them, the more our bodies get used to them and the bacteria that cause actual illnesses that CAN be improved with antibiotics will become resistant. This means that antibiotics we use today won't always work in the future- one of the reasons why there is now a strain of drug-resistant TB. If you have a cold or flu, tough it out! Antibiotics WILL NOT help you feel better.

one of many sources: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK279540/

Edit: if you do have to take antibiotics for a bacterial infection, finish out the cycle and take all the pills! Many people will stop taking their antibiotics once they start feeling better and this also creates drug resistant bacteria.

Edit 2: Glad to see this is getting traction! Thank you all for your replies. I am not a doctor, and there are cases where antibiotics would be needed for a secondary infection, but in most cases, the common cold is just a cold. Of course, listen to your doctor, they know best, but please don't misuse antibiotics. Here in the US some doctors (not all) will prescribe antibiotics just to get someone to leave. Some people will go to doctor after doctor until one prescribes antibiotics. It's not a perfect system, but spreading awareness for things like this can be a good reminder, if not new information. To answer some comments: no, I did not just learn this. I learned this in 7th grade or so, but I've had to recently convince an adult that they don't need antibiotics for their stuffy nose. 

I'm going to quote some useful comments below, even I'm learning from this post! Also thanks for the shiny thing!

u/nom_de_guerre_23
&gt;I often tell patients a story from one of my family medicine professors. He told us how a patient pressured him into antibiotics for a harmless infection and in the end he lost his nerves and just prescribed them. The same patient ended up destroying all his natural gut bacteria with the antibiotic and his gut got infected with Clostridium difficile which gave him horrible diarrhea for many weeks, some of them so severe that she had to be treated in hospital.

u/eulerious
&gt;Many doctors don't want to deal with ranting patients. So if patients demand antibiotics (cause they are idiots) the doctors will prescribe them (cause they are idiots too).

u/AAAAaaaagggghhhh
&gt;Plus, because it costs so much, most people have already tried waiting it out and after weeks misery, are going in because perhaps it is something bacterial after all. Then, when you get quite ill you are chastised, "why didn't you come in, sooner?" Meanwhile, there is no rapid test to determine whether it is a virus or bacterial on the spot, so doctors are also making their best guess. Sometimes they are wrong about it being a virus. It's happened to me, more than once, with more serious consequences for non-treatment when I first went in. Yes, I dumped several do-nothing morons. They never find out that they are wrong, because smart people don't pay out again to go back to the do-nothing docs.

u/borderless_mirror
&gt;Viral infections can lead to bacterial infections when the immune system is weakened. Not arguing the over prescription of anti-biotics but it's best to let a doctor decide the right course of action.

u/civil_defense
&gt;I had a guy at work who's 2 year old had a really bad cold, so he took him to see the doctor and they tested him, but it wasn't bacterial, so they didn't give him antibiotics even though the guy from work was demanding that he give them some. The guy came to work and threw a fit with us that the doctor wouldn't give him antibiotics and after we explained that the cold is viral and those would have done absolutely nothing, he was still furious that the doctor didn't give him any. I think some people just see it as "It's better than nothing" and don't understand the underlying mechanics of the medication.

u/ProfessorEIm
&gt;This isn't exactly correct, it is not our bodies that "get used to them" like a drug tolerance. Every generation has a new mutation, and some of those are resistant to antibiotics. If those are allowed to survive and reproduce, like if one ceases to take the meds before the prescription is up, then it becomes more likely that a resistant strain will spread.

u/gasdocscott
&gt;But how do you know it's a virus? That's the crux of the problem. Infections caused by bacteria or viruses frequently appear the same. There is no rapid and reliable test that differentiates. In older days, antibiotics were given as a 'just in case'. Nowadays doctors usually use a wait and see method. But then a patient dies of a bacterial infections and it's back to doctor bashing all over again.

There are many more great comments and they just keep coming. Thank you all for your input! Bottom line is, listen to your doctor, they know what they're doing. Don't insist on taking antibiotics if you don't need them. And use antibiotics wisely!

Edit 3: Get your flu shots people!!
		-- u/emmaofthe9fingers, 16554 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that when a cat squints it’s eyes at you, it is not a sign of hostility, but a sign of affection.

A lot of people mistake the “stink eyes” for a hostile expression. What this really is is a sign that the cat loves you. You can even do it back to them!
		-- u/RekYaAll, 28814 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that when asked for your address, name, phone number or other personal information by a cashier, "No thank you" is a perfectly acceptable answer. Protect your privacy.

Why YSK: I'm posting this because that has always been my answer, and more often than not they look at me like I have three heads, which tells me that it's not a common response they get. While they may need that for you to get a 5% discount next time you go in, the real reason they want it is to sell your information and have you receive unsolicited phone calls. To that I say, no thank you.
		-- u/AldoBooth, 48043 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that when cats have their eyes half closed, we read their facial expression as judgmental, annoyed, or mean, when actually this is an expression of being relaxed and happy!

Cat facial expressions are a lot different from ours. Remember, they haven't gone through nearly as much selective breeding as dogs to be perfect companions to humans, so it's harder for us to relate to and interpret them. And all too often with cats, our assumptions are the opposite of reality.

Cats will only let their eyes rest in that half-closed position when they feel completely safe and trust the people they're with. Of course it's fine to make fun of how serious this can make them look, but just remember that expression is a good sign that your cat is very much enjoying themselves and likes being with you. This is also useful to remember when you're getting to know a cat that seems a bit shy---you may be making more progress than realize!
		-- u/DidSomebodySayCats, 25557 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that when driving on wet winter roads, that when a car in front of you stops producing (or greatly reduces) its spray behind the rear tires that this means they are driving on ice.

Why YSK: You should know this because controlling your speeds and being aware of other other vehicles speeds as well as movements are very important aspects of driving in inclement weather and/or icy roads. Being able to predict what is about to happen or what could possibly happen could help you avoid being part of or causing a very dangerous accident. If you see that the car in front of you is on ice, slow down GRADUALLY (gives cars behind you time to react) and don't turn your wheel suddenly as you can easily lose traction doing so.

Edit: As some comments point out here, the most important thing is to be safe and keep your distance from other cars (minimum 4 seconds travel time AT SAFE SPEEDS on highways). Maintain slower speeds than normal, keep lane switching to a minimum and keep your headlights on! If you're completely uncertain about your traction turn your hazards on to signal caution to other drivers.
		-- u/GanjaFett_420, 23403 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that when it comes to lifestyle changes, a depressed person is going to take smaller steps than a healthy person

Why YSK: Because I personally have seen and heard about how some of these conversations go. Especially between a child and their parents. Whenever someone says “well that’s not too big of a change”, that really can hurt someone who already is in pain. When someone is depressed, making huge changes is going to make them fail at best, and send them into a steep downward spiral at worst. It’s OK to take large changes slowly. As long as someone is doing the best they can, they’re doing well. If someone is proud of something, you should congratulate them and tell them they’re doing a good job. Don’t compare them to other people’s achievements or your own
		-- u/Restricted_Nuggies, 12484 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that when requesting customer service of any kind, use gentle terms to convey your problem and avoid writing in all caps or swearing. When customer service representatives know they won't be rated poorly and won't have to deal with a lot of back and forth, you'll get help much faster.

Why YSK: I am a CSR and as all CSRs will attest to, it's a numbers game. Working as a customer service representative is an ungrateful job, the companies mostly want CSRs to do more numbers and the most important KPI is the customer satisfaction score and average handling time.

You do more numbers at the same time keep the customer satisfied no matter how big the issue is.

If a customer writes in a ticket with swear words or writes in anger, most agents avoid it and only deal with it if necessary in order to avoid getting their KPIs getting messed up, as it also affects their bonuses most of the time.

To beat this and get help faster, use gentle words, as CSRs don't really get paid enough to care if you stop using their services or not, as it doesn't affect them.

The moment a client becomes rude, you'll be thrown around a number of agents without getting help, as no one wants to deal with them.
		-- u/cknyakina, 13603 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that when someone expresses their stress or complains to you then 9/10 times, they just need someone to listen.

Not for you to lecture and shit about how they could've done this or done that, shut up and listen. Be supportive. It'll go a long way.
Edit:
This post blew up kidnapped and got a lot of comments, it's nice knowing that people feel the same way. I'll reply to all the comments onece I am back. If you need someone to listen, my dms are open. :)

Edit 2.0: people are saying g why don't you fix their problem, what I am trying to say is that listen and help, just don't make them feel Ashu of telling their stress.
		-- u/FirmReception, 14800 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that when you come into the emergency room as a trauma patient, you will be stripped down to your underwear

This seems to come as a big surprise to many patients who come in, protesting that “I’m definitely not hurt down there why are you taking my pants off?” Medical staff are trained to check your whole body, because oftentimes even in cases of STABBINGS, patients do not realize where all of their injuries are that may need to be treated.

So please, don’t accuse everyone of trying to violate you while struggling. The medical staff is just trying to make sure you’re safe.

Edit with additional info:

1. I don’t think you’re reimbursed for any cut clothes, sorry :(

2. Finger in bum is not done at every emergency room. I’ve worked in some where it was protocol, some where it was not 

3. Your clothes aren’t always cut off. If you’re “well enough” to do it yourself sometimes the staff will let you just do it yourself. 

4. If you’re getting undressed like this, a trauma alert/code has likely been called (basically summoning any nearby doctors to come and help). This is typically for the more serious cases, so you probably don’t have to worry about this if you’re coming in with a sprain or such.
		-- u/aznman375, 31515 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that when you go through a drive thru, you will usually still be close to the employee serving you. You should still wear a face covering as if you were standing next to them.

Why YSK: Just because you’re in your car, it doesn’t mean that something can’t be transmitted to the employee. If there’s no plexiglass barrier between you and the employee(s), you should wear a face covering out of respect.

For the people who don’t believe in the recent events, this post isn’t aimed towards you, you guys won’t wear one regardless where you are. This is for people who have truly cared about other people’s well-being and have been wearing a face covering in public spaces. 

I’ve mentioned this to a few of my friends who wear face coverings in public, and they haven’t realized that going through drive thrus is essentially the same thing as standing next to the person. Ever since I brought it up to them, they started wearing one when they go through drive thrus.
		-- u/sarge-m, 39184 upvotes, 0.79 ratio.
%
YSK that when you open marketing emails, they immediately know that you have opened it.

Why YSK: Not only do they know it was opened, email trackers embedded in the email will provide additional data such as what time, how many times, on what device, and often times the location. 

The email trackers are becoming more common and more complex. If you receive a lot of unuseful marketing emails, it is often best to mark it as spam or delete without opening.
		-- u/Daren620, 18117 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that when you're mistreated by someone who is a licensed professional (attorney, doctor, real estate agent, engineer, contractor, therapist, etc), making a complaint to the state licensing body can be more effective than complaining to their employer.

**Why YSK.** A lot of jobs require a state license to perform. The people in these jobs have to comply within specific legal, and often ethical, guidelines to maintain their license and keep their job. When they violate those rules they can face sanctions ranging from warnings, to fines, to even losing their right to perform their jobs.

For example, if your attorney is not returning your phone calls, has overcharged you, or has not returned the rest of the retainer you paid, you can file a complaint with the state licensing body. They are independent organizations that can investigate, penalize, and even revoke the license of any attorney licensed to practice in that state. A letter from the state licensing body to the attorney is an immediate and unmistakeable danger they cannot afford to ignore.

Filing a complaint with the licensing body is not always warranted, and trying to resolve the issue before you take that step is often your best option. But, if you have a disagreement that you can't resolve, are being ignored, or have been severely mistreated, a complaint to the licensing body (supported with convincing evidence) can be an option.

To find the appropriate licensing body in your state that applies to the professional you're dealing with, a search for "profession + state + license + complaint" will usually get you in the right area.

EDIT. This applies in all states in the United State. I don't know what the process is in other nations.
		-- u/ButtholeBanquets, 24768 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that whenever you have a job interview you should always thank the employer for the interview after it's over, regardless of how it went.

Why YSK: I once had a job interview and I thought it didn't go well, but I emailed the employer after anyways just to thank them for the opportunity. When they got back to me they said that I got the job, partly because I was the only one to thank them for the interview. You should always do this even if you think it's pointless.
		-- u/MrXx_xXXx_xX, 38591 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK that white tigers are the products of recessive gene inbreeding and seldom occur naturally. Any zoo or breeding program promoting "save the white tigers" is encouraging this inbreeding to occur.

All white tigers are inbred. They are far more likely to be born with either cleft palates, scoliosis of the spine, mental impairments and crossed eyes.

You can find out more about [the truth about white tigers here](https://www.wildcatsanctuary.org/the-truth-about-white-tigers/)
		-- u/elodiathetyrant, 13022 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that with all this heat, if you find a bird that’s dehydrated or looks like they’re overheating, NEVER try to force them to drink. You will drown them.

The main “hole” in a birds throat is their airway. If you force water down their “throat” you will drown them with your good intentions. Attempt to cool them off with water, try to provide shade, and provide them a small cup IF they choose to drink. Contact your local bird rehabilitation center for more instructions depending on the species. DO NOT USE COLD WATER. Raptors, for instance, have a much higher body temperature than us and the temperature change can be way too much. 

Edit: yes, as silly as this post sounds, the rehab center I’m at deals with thousands of birds a year that die from this very reason. Thank goodness some of you think it’s silly and would never consider it!
		-- u/sxviet, 22129 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that words like natural, artisanal, and traditional have no legal definition on food labels

In light of the "natural brown sugar" post you all should know that there are other words (in addition to the ones mentioned in the title) that have no legal definition and can therefore just be added for marketing purposes. Applied to the EU and the US as well, though the US has even more loose definitions.

A product labeled "natural turkey breast" had listed it's ingredients as 45% turkey and 55% chicken.

Other words like traditional or artisanal also don't really mean anything and it just there to make the product sound more fancy.
		-- u/AthleticallyLazy, 17444 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that xylitol, a known toxin to dogs, is now being listed as “birch sugar” in products like peanut butter and candy.

Why YSK: Xylitol AKA “birch sugar” is incredibly toxic to dogs, and it’s used in a handful of products as a sugar substitute, including peanut butter and ice cream. 

Because of its low glycemic index and plaque fighting properties, we’re seeing xylitol/birch sugar appear much more prevalently in food products. 

Even in small doses, xylitol/birch sugar can cause liver failure and death in dogs. Most dog owners know to check labels for xylitol, but they might not know that birch sugar is the same thing. 

[source](https://vetmedbiosci.colostate.edu/vth/animal-health/birch-sugar-is-the-same-thing-as-xylitol-and-its-toxic-to-dogs/)
		-- u/pebblesana, 29593 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that yelling, screaming, name-calling, etc, is not normal and rarely exists in healthy relationships.

Why YSK: If you're like me, yelling was the only form of communication in your household. What many may not realize is the impact of that kind of behavior has long term effects on one's self esteem, view of relationships, mental health (negative core self beliefs, trauma, PTSD/CPTSD, anxiety, depression, etc etc) and needs as a person. Thats why its important to stop the cycle and learn to communicate properly. Healing is definitely possible.

It doesn't matter how well they treat you after or how sincerely they apologize. It doesn't matter if they are your parents or guardians. This is not normal healthy behavior. Healthy relationships involve talking about problems and working things out. There is no hurtful name-calling or blaming things on the other person. If they are willing to call you names to get a rise out of you on purpose, how do you think that will work out with children or years down the line?

Its hard enough to find a relationship, I get it, but yelling and screaming happen when there is not enough healthy communication. 9/10 times situations that involve yelling or screaming could be solved by a calm, emotionally mature, and honest conversation.

If you know you do this, own it. Talk to a therapist about why and work on it. You will be so much happier and healthier when you can communicate your feelings through talking rather than the less effective and more hurtful mode of verbal violence
		-- u/Igotalottaproblems, 15019 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that you are not a professionally trained therapist and that the burden of helping someone who is suicidal is not on you.

I just wanted to say that while I see the point behind the YSK this is referring to (it's well meaning don't get me wrong), I wanted to point out that this is putting an unfair onus on someone to help when they may not be in a position to help. You can put as much effort as you want, but you are not responsible for someone else's actions. If someone's going to kill themselves, they will do it regardless and that it's not your fault if it happens.

Abusers also like to abuse this tactic of threatening to kill themselves as a way to keep the victim from leaving and while this is a despicable form of manipulation, this is more common than you think. If you suspect this to be the case, you should call for a wellness check to call their bluff. I know someone this has happened to. That being said, this isn't representative of all depressed people so please don't assume that.

If you cannot help someone, you can tell them that you cannot help and point to resources that can provide the help they need. If you don't know any resources, that's okay too. It's on that person if they want to get help or not. Accept that you are not professionally trained to handle depressed or suicidal people and you should not allow someone to force you into that situation if you aren't ready or capable of helping.

Don't set yourself on fire to keep others warm and put your own mask on before assisting others. It's not selfish to look out for your own mental health and your suicidal friend would be much better off in the hands of professionals.

With that in mind, I'd like to share a good resource to every suicide hotline in the world which also includes a few extra resources to helping you find a therapist: [https://www.suicidestop.com/call\_a\_hotline.html](https://www.suicidestop.com/call_a_hotline.html)

Edit: WOW. I was not expecting the response or the awards. I honestly thought I was going to be flamed into oblivion. Thank you so much everyone for the awards and also thanks for sharing your stories. It gave me so much to reflect on!
		-- u/SweetTeaBags, 27915 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that you can BLUR your house out from Google Street View.

Why YSK: It's nice to not have the entire world easily see what your house looks like with a simple Google search and click.

Delivered something to a house today and when I arrived Google maps showed it as Blurred out on the GPS app. Only one on the street. Never seen anything like it. Anyways, I did some research and here's how you do it:.

Go to Google Maps and enter your home address.

Enter into Street View mode by dragging the small yellow human-shaped icon, found in the bottom-right corner of the screen, onto the map in front of your house.

With your house in view, click "Report a problem" in the bottom-right corner of the screen.

Center the red box on your home, and select "My home" in the "Request blurring" field.
		-- u/v-shizzle, 11844 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that you can actually skip unskippable ads in YouTube.

Not long ago YouTube implemented a double ad feature and it isn't uncommon for an unskippable ad to appear, frustrating users without an ad blocker.

In the lower left corner of the ad, next to the ad time remaining, there is an information symbol (an "i" inside a circle) which you can click on and select the option "Stop seeing this ad", where three options are given after. You can choose any of those options and it will stop playing the ad.

If you are fast enough you will always skip the ad in less than 5 seconds.

Edit: Thanks for the silver, handsome redditor!

Edit 2: Thank you for the silver too, beautiful and anonymous person!

Edit 3: Appreciate the silver kind and generous human being!

Edit 4: You doin this for a nice comment aren't ya, you little convenient cucumber. I love you bitch &lt;3

Edit fiv: tank yo veri mach my deer non reptilian redditar¡

Edit 6: Thenk for the gold beautiful and mysterious internet surfer!
		-- u/[deleted], 24319 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK that you can block u/RealTacoBell to remove the Pete Davidson eating a taco ads

Why YSK: This is the first ad campaign I've seen that doesn't allow you any control other than pausing or muting the video. If you, like me, feel you have no control over this and find this campaign ridiculous, know there is a solution:

Go to u/RealTacoBell 's profile and block that account. Once blocked the ad should stop appearing.

EDIT: Some users are reporting an issue with directly blocking the account. Users are also stating if they mark the ad as spam then they can block the account that way. If you come across an issue, try that?
		-- u/MondoDudeBro, 97100 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that you can deposit a lost wallet in any U.S. post office box and they will return it to the address found on the wallet. Free of charge.

Why YSK: losing a wallet is an absolute inconvenience and could hold a sentimental value to someone. found an interesting fun fact while watching Mark Rober's video [about lost wallets/honest cities](https://youtu.be/jnL7sJYblGY)
		-- u/Grifter56, 23291 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that you can go to YourOnlineChoices.com to see which ad providers are collecting your data. You can also turn tracking from individual providers on and off.

Why YSK: because your data belongs to you, and you should know who is collecting it.

EU: [https://www.youronlinechoices.com](https://www.youronlinechoices.com/)

US/Canada: [https://optout.networkadvertising.org](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/) (Thanks u/ViciousAppeal)

*Edit: YourOnlineChoices is associated with the EDAA and works in accordance with the 'European Principles' which regulate digital advertising in Europe. As such, it appears only to be available to those in Europe. I am updating a list of links above for people in other jurisdictions.*
		-- u/Shart-Garfunkel, 19402 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that you can read news articles behind paywalls for free by typing "outline.com/" before the link

Many major news sites are putting their content behind paywalls. If you add "[outline.com/](https://outline.com/)" before the link (including http but not the quotations) it will allow you to read the article without any ads and subscription notifications!
		-- u/tildenpark, 13726 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that you can request a refund, or “credit” from Spectrum for internet outages lasting longer than 4 hours.

After another Spectrum outage in my area, I decided to message Spectrum to see if I could be compensated for time spent without wifi (that I have paid for). To my surprise, Spectrum was easily able to look through my previous year of service and credit me for all the previous outages. However, you must ask for the credit every time there is an outage. 

Why YSK: If you are in an area (like me) that experiences random outages frequently, you should know this (because Spectrum sure didn’t tell me) to receive your money back and to keep these big corporations held accountable for services not rendered.
		-- u/brenconnnn, 11701 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that you can set up a free VPN server on your router to watch Netflix as if you are at home

Why YSK: Most home routers have a built-in VPN server which you can enable. This allows you to connect to your home network from anywhere and use services like Netflix as if you were at home. This will also bypass the requirement to check in from your home network once a month when it is implemented. Because it's using a residential IP and not a data center like a commercial VPN, Netflix cannot detect it.

Here are instructions for the most popular router brands:

Netgear: [https://kb.netgear.com/23854/How-do-I-use-the-VPN-service-on-my-Nighthawk-router-with-my-Windows-client](https://kb.netgear.com/23854/How-do-I-use-the-VPN-service-on-my-Nighthawk-router-with-my-Windows-client)

Asus: [https://www.asus.com/support/FAQ/1008713/](https://www.asus.com/support/FAQ/1008713/)

TP-Link: [https://www.tp-link.com/us/support/faq/1544/](https://www.tp-link.com/us/support/faq/1544/)

To connect to the server you will need to download the OpenVPN client on your phone/laptop:

[https://openvpn.net/vpn-client/](https://openvpn.net/vpn-client/)

One thing to keep in mind is that the speed of the VPN will be limited by the upload speed of your home network. Most cable internet connections have very limited upload speed, but it should be enough to stream video. If you have a fiber connection it will be much faster.
		-- u/Exodia101, 25541 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK that you can track the spread of the coronavirus globally nearly in real time as reports come in using this dashboard.

I know a lot of people have been sharing links on here but this one is very insightful, comprehensive and updates every few minutes in a very easy to understand dashboard format. Best I’ve seen so far.

https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6
		-- u/OurInsectOverlords, 16032 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that you can transfer Spotify playlists to other music streaming services (like Apple Music, Amazon Music and others), and vice versa

Why YSK: If (like me) you’re only staying with Spotify because you’ve built up a lot of personal playlists with them, apps (like SongShift) will copy and sync your playlists over to other music streaming services.  This makes it easy to try other services, many of which offer free trials.
		-- u/boozhazha1, 31375 upvotes, 0.81 ratio.
%
YSK that you can use VLC Player to play YouTube videos in the background, with a sleep timer and without ads.

VLC Player is a very popular app for PCs, but is also available for mobile. You can play most online videos and streams by pasting the link to them into the application. It will play without ads and you can use such features as sleep timer, background playing, only audio etc. It's a bit slower, because you have to copy and paste the link, but especially for longer videos it's definitely worth it. 

Why YSK: I personally allways wanted to play music steams or videos in the background while doing other stuff, but that is normally a premium YouTube feature. Using this technique you can get around that limitation pretty easily. It's also great for falling asleep to YouTube videos.

EDIT: Just as a specification for some, this is mainly useful on mobile. On desktop you could just minimize the window which has youtube playing, aswell as using an adblocker.

EDIT2: This does not seem to work on ios. There are some alternatives though, mainly YouTube Vanced.

And of course the obligatory thanks for all the awards!
		-- u/noidea139, 33374 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that you might be one of the 1-3% of people cannot visualize stuff at all. It can interfere with certain methods of teaching and therapy techniques. Most people who can't visualize don't realize it until it's pointed out to them (because they don't realize that other people can).

And if you are one of the people who has ever sat there confused and lost while everyone else does some sort of 'imagine you are on a beach' exercise, you might just be one of them.

This may seem silly to everyone who can, but YSK most people can actually 'visualize' that beach in their head. They can come up with a sort of mental image of the beach. The clarity might vary, but they can actually visually imagine things.

If you can't do this at all, it's called aphantasia, and it's not a big deal really and not uncommon, but if you are part of this group, you should know it about yourself. Because a lot of people don't.

A lot of psychology and therapy methods involve visualization, and these aren't remarkably useful for people with aphantasia. You could waste a lot of time struggling with a technique that is doomed to fail.

Some methods of teaching things like spelling or math rely on visualization and if you (or a kid) have aphantasia, these methods can make no sense and you might not realize why, and an alternate method would work better.

Why YSK: You should be aware if you have aphantasia, and if you don't you should still be aware that some people think in a different way than you do. And if you are a teacher, psychologist, etc. it could be relevant to helping other people.

https://www.livescience.com/61183-what-is-aphantasia.html

https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/when-the-minds-eye-is-blind1/
		-- u/7937397, 17472 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK that you should always ask the dog owner before petting their dog, if you're initiating the interaction.

Not all dogs are always open to interacting with strangers. It can especially be dangerous if it's a small child, and I think it should be educated better to make sure to ask the owner before running up to a fluffy friend.

This is a polite gesture for both the dog and the owner. In the human side of the case, this is true if it has ever happened that their dog or their space has been violated by a random stranger. Some people are simply trying to have a quiet walk, and a sudden hand coming out of nowhere can sometimes be really startling. Plus, it's the owner's dog, their family in the first place. Imagine a stranger suddenly grabbing your child!

However, most of the time, it is more important to know when to respect a dog's space. Especially for rescue dogs. Some may have severe trauma from being abused by people, hence extremely terrorised by human hands reaching towards them. This can result in biting, being very dangerous for small children.

So please, make sure you ask whenever you would like to pet someone's dog. When they say no, they don't like being pet, respect their warning.

I've seen unfortunate cases where people brush the warning off saying "oh I'm a true dog whisperer", and proceeding to touch the dog, causing extreme reactions from the dog, and distress to surrounding people. Let's not let that happen, and protect both ourselves and the dogs.

Edit: wording

Edti 2: Thank you for my first gold and silver! Very kind of you to whoever gave it to me.
		-- u/karen994, 11356 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK that you should always eat before going food shopping.

Why YSK: Food shopping on an empty stomach makes you more likely to buy junk food, and extra items you don’t need, thereby leaving you with a larger bill and an unhealthy choice of food
		-- u/Justtheotherwoman, 18007 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK that your above-range microwave likely contains a charcoal air filter at the top where the fan blows out recirculating air when the fan is on. Replacing this inexpensive filter can remove cooking odors from your kitchen.

Why YSK: The purpose of the charcoal air filter is to remove odors from the air as you cook.  Most people know about the metallic grease filters on the bottom where the air gets sucked in, but not the charcoal filter inside the top-front panel where the air gets blown out.

If you live in an apartment, your charcoal filter has likely never been changed and your cooking odors could be reduced. 

Here’s a [video on changing a recent model GE filter](https://youtu.be/sQQWDG7znBk), but Google your model number for specific instructions. 

Note: these filters are only important in recirculating air situations... if your microwave fan vents outside, you don’t need to worry about the charcoal filter.
		-- u/Gtapex, 11007 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK that your kids will want to spend more time with you if you don't yell at them constantly and treat them with respect

I'm a parent myself and sometimes I'm honestly baffled with how other parents treat their kids
		-- u/EJRose83, 12393 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK that your weight can fluctuate as much as 5-6 pounds (2.25-2.75 kg) throughout the day. If you're trying to gain or lose weight, it's better to track overall trends instead of day-by-day results.

Why YSK:

There are several factors that can influence your bodyweight including water retention, recent bowel movements (or lack thereof), menstruation cycle, medications you're taking, and more. 

If you're going to track your bodyweight, it's important to weigh yourself at a consistent time of day such as in the morning before eating, and to do it on a regular basis, such as every Sunday. If you decide to weigh yourself everyday, your weight can fluctuate and therefore it's more important to track trends instead of focusing on each day's specific number. Personally, whenever I'm trying to lose weight, I use the app Libra: you can add your weight everyday and the app automatically calculates trends in your weight loss or gain based on consistent changes.

Just because the scale hasn't tipped in your favor for one day isn't a reason to become discouraged! However, if you're noticing that trends aren't going well over the course of several days or weeks, you will likely have to make some changes in your diet and/or exercise regimen.

[Source](https://www.healthline.com/health/weight-fluctuation#when-to-weigh)

Edit: It seems like there's a lot of people who argue whether to weigh yourself daily, weekly, or even less frequently. While weighing yourself daily will give you the most accurate data to determine the trend of your weight change, ultimately it's your decision to do what feels right and comfortable for you.
		-- u/wheresthecorn, 14740 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that you’re better off giving close family you don’t want to have any money $1 from your will rather than omitting them altogether.

My dad updated his will a little while ago; leaving me and my brother everything. Our sister was originally getting nothing (long story). The lawyer suggested that he give her $1, because she could argue he was either forgetful or not in the right state of mind while filling his wishes out. So if you don’t want anyone questioning the integrity of your “spotty” mind, give them a buck to remember you by. 

Edit: i have only watched the first few episodes of better call Saul, up to when mike gets recruited or something. Honestly purely coincidental. But I guess r/nothingeverhappens

My sister has been abusing drugs and alcohol, dropped out of school, arrested for DUI’s, arrested for stealing medication (and breaking and entering) from an old folks home, and the father of her daughter is a registered sex offender and is on the Megan’s law website

Sorry about the r/titlegore. One of those things you don’t realize until it’s too far gone

Lastly, I never said blindly do it. In my experience (in Pennsylvania, USA), it was highly suggested by our trusted family attorney. I never expected a decent response to this post.... I just figured I could provoke a few people’s minds into looking into it to save you / your loved ones hassle later on. 

Edit #2: I’m aware that you can state you don’t want to give someone something. My dad was just advised of giving $1. 
		-- u/Chamber2014, 19399 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK that you’re most likely using your microwave wrong

Almost everyone I know uses their microwave improperly. Most people put the food in, set a time, and let it heat up. They then proceed to complain about the edges being too hot and the middle too cold or some other variation of their food not being heated right. That is because a microwave is actually a microwave OVEN, and similar to your regular oven, you can’t just put it on full blast. If you wanted to bake cookies you don’t set your oven to 600 degrees and hope for the best, right? No! You set it to a specific temperature and time. Use your microwave the same way. Adjust the power level and up the time you leave your food in there. I adjust the power level for any and every thing I would normally put in the microwave for more than a minute. This will help your food heat up more evenly and leave you more satisfied with your microwave! 

Why YSK? This is a super easy setting adjustment that will leave you feeling more satisfied and without scars on your fingers from a hot bowl but cold soup.
		-- u/Marty_McFly_Guy, 14355 upvotes, 0.78 ratio.
%
YSK that you’re probably picking snails up wrong. You shouldn’t lift them straight up as this can cause mantle collapse, which can cause the snail a very painful death. You should gently slide them until they detach from the surface, or poke them until they contract into the shell then lift them up.

The mantle is a muscle that holds the body to the shell and is responsible for keeping the shape of the snail inside the shell. It secretes calcium carbonate and is essential for healthy maintainence of the shell. The mantle encloses a delicate sac containing vital organs, including the lung and gills. Normally the mantle is expanded to meet the outer lip of the shell and you can see it encroaching and sometimes covering the columella. 

If you keep pet snails or are rescuing them from a pavement for example, you should either slide them and get lift them off a smooth surface, or poke the shell gently until they retreat then lift them that way. Pulling them directly up when the foot is attached to the surface can cause mantle collapse. The mantle can either tear away from where it is connected to the shell or collapse entirely. Tears can heal quite quickly, because the snails can seem largely unaffected. They can still move around and eat, so it isn't long before they heal.

However, if the mantle collapses the snail probably won’t survive. A collapsed mantle looks like a sock covering the body. You can see over the rim and right down into the shell. The snail (when extended) looks strange and struggles to pull its shell around. It also struggles to retract as it has no real cavity to invaginate into. The collapse puts quite a bit of pressure on the lung as the breathing cavity is restricted. The snail often suffocates, or starves. Mantle collapse can sometimes be healable, depending to the degree of collapse, but it takes much longer because it is difficult to get the snail to eat/breathe properly. 

If you keep pet snails and notice one showing signs of mantle collapse, you should use clove oil as an anaesthetic, then freeze it so it is safely and humanely euthanised. If you don’t, the snail will probably suffer a terribly painful death as it can starve or suffocate, and cannot retreat into its shell for comfort and protection.

[Edit: man, I’m speechless but pleasantly surprised this post blew up! I come back a couple hours later and I have hundreds of comments to sift through and upvote! I hope it saves a few snails :) I just wanted to say thank you to all my snail saving comrades, and please don’t feel guilty if you accidentally damaged them whilst trying to save them. It is the intention that counts, and hopefully you can use this method to save more in the future 💕🐌 and thank you to the lovely people who liked this post so much they gave me my first golds, plantinum, and other awards! I really do appreciate it :) 

There’s no way I can respond to everyone, though I’d really like to, so I also wanted to address a couple points!
1) who picks up snails? Well, I pick snails up, and so do others! If I see one in danger of being crushed, I pick it up using this method and move it gently to the nearest patch of vegetation. 
2) do snails feel pain? Well, I don’t know for certain that snails feel pain, I can only imagine they do. This isn’t a pleasant way to die. Doctors didn’t think babies felt pain until they discovered they did, so just in case I try to treat fellow living creatures with respect. 
3) yes, people keep snails as pets! Check out r/snails for some inspiration and tips if you’re looking to get involved with keeping them :) they’re great pets. 
4) a lot of you are very violent and cruel. It makes me sad to know so many people out there take delight in causing a defenceless animal such hurt. As one user so helpfully pointed out, it’s ‘not a dog’, so why should we treat it kindly? Well, it’s still a living creature, and we should treat them with respect.
5) yes, I said invaginate. It means to be turned inside out or folded back on itself to form a cavity or pouch.]
		-- u/SerenBachgen, 53912 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK that, although cute, giving your dog a whole egg to hold in it's mouth could be a choking hazard. Please use caution

Just be aware that if your dog gulps it.. the egg can become lodged in the back of his/her mouth and because of it's shape you cannot grab it.  I hate to be that person, but be aware of the risks please.

EDIT.. some people think this should be common sense.. but until recently we didn't need to tell people not to eat laundry detergent either.

TRUE - most dogs won't choke on eggs, or die.. but if you tried this and your dog did die you would think "SHIT.. I wish I knew he could have died".. and yes some dogs do die choking on food or toys... 
		-- u/exotics, 11893 upvotes, 0.81 ratio.
%
YSK that, if you call 911, all your blocked call numbers will automatically be unblocked for 2 hours.

Why YSK: This popped up on my Android after I called 911 for a guy at work having a suspected heart attack.  Not sure if this is a Pennsylvania only rule or not.
		-- u/AmishElectrician, 23067 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK that, in the US, your income is taxed based on Tax Brackets - meaning not all of your income is taxed at the same rate.

YSK that, in the US, your income is taxed based on Tax Brackets - meaning not all of your income is taxed at the same rate.

This is a hot topic right now, but [here](https://youtu.be/VJhsjUPDulw) is a great visualization of how Bracketed Taxes works. 

Edit: These brackets are for all income, not just higher income. For example, the first bracket currently is from $0 - $9,875 and is at 10%. They increase from there. So all income is taxed using brackets. And EVERY person is taxed the same 10% on their first up to $9,875 of income. This also applies to your ~~adjusted income~~ taxable income, so after deductions. There are many who, after deductions, fall below or at $0 which would make them tax free. It's not a flat rate of income though because there are so many deductions that many different taxable incomes can qualify. 

Edit: it's been pointed out that the other or technical term for this is marginal tax rate. I believe the terms are interchangeable but there are much more qualified individuals that have clarified in the comments section so I'll let them take the credit!

For example: if you make $410,000 a year and you hear that taxes will be more for those making $400,000 it really means that taxes will be more on *income* over $400,000. The only portion you pay that higher tax rate on would be the last $10,000 - not all $410,000. This is how it works for all brackets.

Why YSK: it's important to understand how Bracketed Taxes work as some people will use a higher tax rate to spread fear. This may freaks someone out that makes just a bit more than the bracket that is being increased. While some think they will now pay a higher rate on all their income, they will actually only pay a higher rate on the income in that tax bracket.
		-- u/SulkyVirus, 43639 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK the "chasing arrows" triangle symbol on plastic containers is NOT the recycling symbol. It just tells you what kind of plastic it is. And if it's not #1 or #2, it's probably not recyclable.

Why YSK:

Recycling used to be done by hand, and knowing the type of plastic helped sorters. Many states even required the "chasing arrows" triangle and still require it today. But now that it's largely done by machine, the symbol just confuses people, because it looks exactly like the recycling symbol. This leads to contaminated (25+%) recycling. But it helps the plastic industry by making people think their waste is getting recycled.

Confused? That's kind of the point.

Rule of thumb - if the number in the triangle ain't #1 or #2, it might be recyclable in a specialized facility, but probably doesn't belong in your recycling bin.

EDIT: This is for the USA. Check your local recycling guidelines, they're online somewhere  

EDIIT: For clarity: The chasing arrows triangle IS the [real recycling symbol](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/44/Recycle001.svg/440px-Recycle001.svg.png) BUT with a number inside it becomes the [sneaky lying Resin Identification Code](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/89/Symbol_Resin_Code_1_PETE.svg/440px-Symbol_Resin_Code_1_PETE.svg.png)
		-- u/Brinner, 17643 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK the $35 that scientific journals charge you to read a paper goes 100% to the publisher and 0% to the authors. If you email a researcher and ask for their paper, they are allowed to send them to you for free and will be genuinely delighted to do so.

If you're doing your own research and need credible sources for a paper or project, you should not have to pay journal publishers money for access to academic papers, especially those that are funded with government money. I'm not a scientist or researcher, but the info in the title came directly from a Ph.D. at Laval University in Canada. She went on to say that a lot of academic science is publicly funded through governmental funding agencies. It's work done for the public good, funded by the public, so members of the public should have access to research papers. She also provided a helpful [link](http://holly.witteman.ca/index.php/2017/12/11/getting-access-to-paywalled-papers/) with more information on how to access paywalled papers. 
		-- u/gangbangkang, 41003 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK the 112 is international emergency services number

Dialling 112 in any country will reach that countries emergency services line. Without the need for a SIM card.

After a friend of mine was overseas, he witnessed a person getting mugged. He didn't help because the offender had a gun. 
He wasn't able to call the police because he didn't remember their number in that country.

Which reminded me of 112. An international joint venture was set up in 2002 where countries in Europe, Oceania, Asia, the Americas and Africa joined the program with the launch of GSM. (Following on from 112 being the European Nations joint emergency access number in 1991)
		-- u/pud3000, 11341 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK the U.S. is starting a 9-8-8 system for mental health emergencies beginning July 16

Why YSK: While the current crisis hotline (1-800-273-TALK) will stay in use, it may not be very easy to remember. The new system is also specifically for mental health crises rather than all kinds of emergencies and is designed to get you in touch with mental health professionals instead of law enforcement.

Edit: Obligatory "This thing blew up more than I expected." There are some legit questions and criticisms in the comments. Time will tell how successful the program is, but I hope it's a step in the right direction. Here is some more info:
https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/current-events/the-lifeline-and-988/
		-- u/IDKHow2UseThisApp, 13442 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK the anatomy of a proper apology

Why YSK: to help you make amends for mistakes, wrongdoings and poor behaviour

1. Make sure you specifically express regret  say sorry
2. Acknowledge what you did wrong  explain why you did what you did
3. Explain why that was wrong  state what you should have done instead
4. Take full responsibility for the fact that you did something wrong  say how you’re going to prevent this from happening again in future
5. State that you’re sorry
6. Explain how you’re going to put things right  make it up to the other person
7. Ask for forgiveness  hope that they grant it

Edit:
- I didn’t expect for this to reach so many people - I thought it would reach maybe 100 people max!
- thank you to the nice people who have said that this might help them or asked genuine questions etc
- I don’t expect people to be robots following computer code and would never force people to do this. It’s something that has helped me and I hoped it might help others
- yes, an apology isn’t good if it has passive aggressive “if”s or “but”s or the person doesn’t mean it
- steps 1  5 do repeat but you don’t have to do both
- nobody is forcing you to read this or follow this
- if this post pisses you off then you’re welcome to scroll straight past it
		-- u/CottonCandyKitkat, 14806 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK the difference between a glass-top resistive electric stove and and induction stove.

Why YSK: Stove types have become a bit of a touchy subject in the US lately, and I've seen a number of threads where people mix up induction stovetops and glass-top resistive electric stovetops.

This is an easy mistake to make, as the two types look [virtually identical](https://imgur.com/a/CmjDiot) (images of two random models pulled off the internet).

The way they function however is very different. A resistive glass top electric stove is not much different than a classic coil-top electric stove except the heating elements are hidden behind a sheet of glass that is easier to clean. When you turn on the burner, you can see the heating elements glowing through the glass.

An induction stove uses a magnetic coil to generate heat inside the pot or pan itself. As such, they are extremely efficient and very fast since the heat is generated very close to the food, and nowhere else. If you turn on an induction stove with no pot present, nothing will happen. Also, only steel or cast iron pots/pans will work. The material needs to be ferromagnetic to be heated (no copper/aluminum) since heat is generated by repeatedly flipping the magnetic poles in the pot.

I've seen several people dismiss induction stoves because they thought they used one before and had a negative experience. More than likely, they used a resistive electric. If you didn't buy the stove (renting an apartment), you likely used a resistive electric as they are much cheaper than induction and a popular choice among landlords.

[In my personal experience](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cooking/comments/seaint/for_anyone_contemplating_upgrading_from_an/), induction uses almost half the energy and can heat food almost twice as fast as resistive electric. It also generates less heat in the kitchen which is nice for hot days.
		-- u/ch00f, 12503 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK the difference between the Nazi and the religious Swastika

Why YSK: Not all Swastikas stand for the Nazi symbol, the Swastika predates Hitler and is part of many cultures and religions around the world.

It was stolen by Hitler and tainted to represent hate and bigotry. He pretty much appropriated the culture of the Indian Subcontinent. This symbol tilts at a 45° angle (called the Hakenkreuz)
Edit: I've learnt that the Nazi symbol doesn't always have a tilt.

The religious Swastika is commonly found in religions of Hinduism, Jainisim and Buddhism. It usually has 4 dots in the middle and stands for divinity and spirituality. If you visit India, you will encounter this in a lot of public spaces.

PS: I am not a religious person

[Image for clarification](http://imgur.com/gallery/PTtTYfi)

Edit: A word

Edit 2: You should also know that the name "Aryan" is a pretty common Indian name and does not remotely stand for the ~~so called~~ "Aryan Race" that Hitler always talked about.

This post was inspired by [this TIFU](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ildpw6/tifu_by_naming_my_child_a_racially_charged_name/?utm_medium=android_apputm_source=share)

Edit 3: Many different cultures/religions have their own adaptations of the swastika(clockwise, anticlockwise, multiple arms), the only purpose of this post is to point out the difference between a well known symbol of hate and a religious one.

**Swastika doesn't always necessarily mean a Nazi**
**But if you are a Nazi/NeoNazi, GO FUCK YOURSELF**

Edit 4: To the Redditors calling me anti-semitic for this post, that was not my intention. If some other religious symbols was appropriated by the Nazis, I'm sure those people would be frustrated too.

Edit 5: A heartfelt thanks to all the Redditors who game me awards

**Final Edit:** Many people pointed out in the comment section that Hitler did not appropriate the Hindu Swastika but actually the Hooked Cross (Hakenkreuz in German) symbol which he first saw in a Christian Monastery.

The Hooked Cross is a sacred symbol and can be found in old churches as chapels.

The word Swastika comes due to translations throughout history. Mainly the translation of Mein Kampf by James Murphy.

In conclusion: The Swastika which has its oldest mention in the Vedas(15th-5th century BC)  is found is many many cultures throughout the world.

[An article](http://bbc.com/news/magazine-29644591)

/u/BigHoney1987 put it well
&gt;Not every culture revolves around the Western scope of history and they shouldn’t have to. Adapting a more global view of history can help us all understand each other a bit better!

In world where it easy extremely easy to jump to conclusions, it is also easy to take out your phone and Google things we may not know about.
		-- u/xycotyco, 22770 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK the easiest way to make sure your kid fights you on every chore is to avoid saying "thank you."

I'm a teacher. Every year, I get at least one parent who tells me that they just expect their kids to do their chores, and they won't ever say "thank you" for doing them. Then these parents wonder why their kids fight them on chores. 

These same parents often tell me they don't understand why their kids put so much effort into my class. 

It's really very easy. I thank them for their answers in class. I thank them for helping their classmates. I thank them for picking up after a lab. I thank them when they give their presentations. 

Every opportunity I have to do it, I say "thank you." 

My mom always gave me an enthusiastic "thank you!" when my sister and I did chores. As a result, we always did them, often without being asked. We said "thank you" when she made dinner. 

A home culture of saying "thank you" is a very easy and effective way to improve adult/teen relationships, and you'll have happier teens too.

Edit: it's after 10pm here, and I'm off to sleep. Thank you for all your comments and the award. You guys are awesome.

Edit: Well, RIP my inbox! I can't reply to all of you, but thank you so much for commenting and thank you to everyone who gave me an award! This is my most popular post ever, and I've loved seeing some of the other perspectives. 

You're all amazing, and thank you so much!
		-- u/thestashattacked, 73073 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK the expiration dates on water bottles are for the bottle, not the water.

It doesn’t make the water toxic it just makes the water taste worse
		-- u/-tobyt, 26202 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK the most common reason condoms fail is because people use them wrong

Lots of people use them wrong, including, but not limited to:

1) Not checking the expiration date and not using a different condom if the condom seems inferior or damaged after opening

2) Not using it the whole time of penetration

4) Keeping it in a too hot or freezing place such as a car on a freezing day

5) Keeping it on a place where there will be a lot of friction, such as a leather wallet

6) Not using the right size condom

7) Not leaving space at the end (but also make sure there is no air at end, just the extra room, unfilled).

8) Using an oil-based lubricant with a latex or rubber condom (use water or silicon-based instead)

9) Not using lubrication when necessary

Why YSK: no one wants to end up with a surprise pregnancy or STD this Valentine's Day!

Check out this article for more incorrect uses: https://www.nbcnews.com/healthmain/condom-use-101-basic-errors-are-so-common-study-finds-207925

Edit: Note that perfect use still has the rare accident, so have a back-up plan, whether it's being on the pill, having a plan to get the Morning After pill if the condom breaks, etc.

Edit 2: Also another good one is make sure to hold the base when you pull out

Edit 3: Also be careful about opening a package with a sharp object

Edit 4: Do not put a condom on one way and then flip it inside out

Edit 5: Yes, for you special commenters, if you are having sex for over half an hour the friction can be enough that you should change condoms

One final note: I added the NSFW to the post because I'd rather people read this than complain about it being inappropriate. I did not blur the image; that automatically was uploaded from the linked website and was automatically blurred by Reddit. Also I don't know why the  3 keeps disappearing and the numbers shifting down. Some sort of coding error I guess.
		-- u/Animedjinn, 19515 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK the number to actually speak to a human person at Equifax is (866) 640-2273. I have spent the last 2 hours speaking to machines getting nowhere.

If anyone is trying to contact the group in charge of this payout(small as it may be) the number is...(833)759-2982

I am trying to make a big purchase only to find there is a fraud alert on my Equifax account and was supposed to “update my contact info” on said alert. I tried every avenue online and called 3 different numbers with only prerecorded machine answers. Needless to say, it won’t help you. There are even typos on their website and the machines you talk to actually say it’s better to call from a landline???  Onward, call the above number and talk to a “product specialist” (they sell Equifax credit monitoring). The person I spoke to was actually very helpful and knowledgeable. &lt;—just true, not a shill. Sad to say it. 

EDIT: Thanks for the Gold! That’s a first for me and it is much appreciated. 

EDIT: Thanks for the silver too! This is somehow vindicating of the whole experience! Glad to see a lot of people were helped by the number and if nothing else someone to relate too. 

EDIT: I’ve been accused here of being an undercover employee or some sort of shill. To be very clear, I only advised taking the monitoring over the $125 because I was under the impression that you’d get a better or more accurate and detailed report direct from the agency vs going through Credit Karma or something similar. By all means, do what is right for you. Sorry for causing any doubt or confusion
		-- u/Ulrich_Jackson, 30881 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK the random urge you get to drive into a guardrail or jump off a cliff and commit suicide is actually a normal phenomenon called “The Call of the Void”

Have you ever stood on a balcony, leaned over the edge and unexpectedly thought, "If I wanted to, I could just jump?" Or perhaps you've been at a cliff's edge, with the intention of doing nothing more than enjoying the view and fleetingly considered how easy it would be to simply step over the edge. This sudden, often unanticipated thought is usually nothing to be worried about

Why YSK This feeling — which tends to be brief, entirely out of character and often involves thoughts of leaping from a high place or driving headfirst into an oncoming vehicle — is more widespread than you might think. In fact, it's so common, the French have a term for it: l'appel du vide. In English, this translates to "the call of the void." 

If you're ever feeling suicidal or are grappling with distressing thoughts, you can get help. Call 800-273-TALK — it's anonymous, free and 24/7. Remember you are not alone. There's nothing wrong with asking for help

Source

https://www.livescience.com/what-is-call-of-the-void
		-- u/hodorspot, 16391 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK the saying goes “nip it in the bud”, not “nip it in the butt”.

Very common mistake. The saying refers to nipping a bud before it grows into a flower, or making sure a problem is handled before it becomes a bigger one!
		-- u/skepticallincoln, 19052 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK the signs of being emotionally abused.

Emotional abuse is sadly both damaging and overlooked. I'm not a professional in any field, but I've been emotionally abused all throughout my childhood and strongly advocate for spreading the word about it. It's a horrific thing to undergo, and even worse, you may not even realize you're being abused. Here are some signs:

1. They (the potential abuser) yell and/or curse at you.
2. You feel scared of them even if they've never physically harmed you.
3. They threaten to leave/hurt you/hurt themselves if you do something they don't like.
4. They call you mean names (stupid, ugly, fat, etc.).
5. They make cruel jokes about you.
6. They manipulate you by crying and/or guilt tripping you.
7. They covertly say mean things about you (Ex. "Should you really be eating so much?")
8. They don't allow you to/don't like it when you hang out with friends.
9. They don't allow you to wear certain things/makeup/hairstyles. 
10. They constantly take their anger out on you even when you did nothing wrong.
11. They ignore your achievements and/or put you down for them ("You got a 95 on the test? Why can't you get that score on your other exams?")
12. They gaslight you (denying reality and making you question your own sanity as a result).
13. You feel as though you have to walk on eggshells around them.
14. You're afraid of them. 
15. They make you feel worthless.

Is this abuse:  [https://www.thehotline.org/is-this-abuse/abuse-defined/](https://www.thehotline.org/is-this-abuse/abuse-defined/) 

More signs:  [http://www.naasca.org/2018-Articles/010718-25SignsOfEmotionalAbuse.htm](http://www.naasca.org/2018-Articles/010718-25SignsOfEmotionalAbuse.htm) 

How to cope:  [https://www.verywellmind.com/identify-and-cope-with-emotional-abuse-4156673](https://www.verywellmind.com/identify-and-cope-with-emotional-abuse-4156673)
		-- u/schwenomorph, 12615 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK the top result from googling "USPS Change Address" on mobile is a fraudulent website

Unsure if this only applies to me, but figured I'd share so others won't fail the same way I did.

I'm moving so I need to change my address via the US Postal Service (USPS). As any reasonable person would do, I googled "USPS Change Address" on the Safari browser on my phone and, considering the process is incredibly simple, clicked the first result without even thinking about it. I followed through all the prompts, entered my current and future addresses, and **my credit card information**, and clicked submit.

Immediately, I was denied due to bad credit card information. Since the info was autofilled, I know I didn't put in the wrong info. Then I received a fraudulent charge alert from my credit card provider. Afterwards, I rechecked the website and well, I feel like an idiot because the site *definitely* stole my card info and tried to charge me $60 (the service typically costs a single dollar thru USPS) as stated in the fine print. Luckily my card provider caught it immediately; I confirmed it as a fraudulent charge and they are issuing me a new card.

I also reported the website to google since **it was an advertisement and the top search result**. I find it disconcerting that google would allow such an ad to be run *and* to place it as the top result.
		-- u/biscuitquickie, 17155 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK there are many reasons a person's hands might shake and telling them to "just relax" is not helpful

Why YSK: Hand tremors can be caused by many different things and almost none of them are any of your business. Anxiety, a neurological disorder, drug/alcohol withdrawals, and brain damage are a few possible causes. The only one that can be improved by relaxing is anxiety. But calling attention to someone's anxiety will not help. It's patronizing and is likely to cause more anxiety. You're basically just announcing, "Everyone can see your hands shaking!" This is not an appropriate reaction to any medical symptom.

Citation: https://www.ninds.nih.gov/Disorders/Patient-Caregiver-Education/Fact-Sheets/Tremor-Fact-Sheet
		-- u/conandy, 13506 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK there is a giant library inside Minecraft which contains journals and articles, banned in several countries.

As freedom as the press gets more and more restricted a company has created a way to ensure information is available to as many people as possible in areas that would not normally be able to read the articles.

https://www.blockworks.uk/the-uncensored-library
		-- u/improbablydrunknlw, 12504 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK there is a website called BobRTC that allows you to call various different scammers from their website for free in order to waste their time so they have less time to scam innocent people

this website is great and I have used it personally. It is a lot of fun and a great way to ensure less people are getting scammed out of their hard earned money. 

(Disclaimer - sometimes scammers re-route their calls to real US companies, it is illegal to spam call legitimate companies and if it does re-route to a real company, disconnect and leave a comment explaining)
		-- u/M1ghty_boy, 11031 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK there is a website called haveibeenpwned.com that lets you see if your email has been involved in any data breaches across any website.

If you are worried that your password might have been leaked in a mass data breach, you should check on this website. All you have to do is type in your email in the box and it will search all the websites with your email logged into it to see if your password has been breached. It also gives options to help recover and reset data and passwords.
		-- u/[deleted], 11463 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK there is a website where you can look up any physician to see if and how much they are compensated by drug or implant companies

Go to: https://openpaymentsdata.cms.gov/

Type in their name and click search.
		-- u/DeejayeB, 22351 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK there is a website where you can watch a group of kittens fight/play/sleep live 24/7, called Keeping Up With the Kattarshians

It is an adorable Icelandic website that has so far featured 3 cat families. They only feature rescued cats and the main focus is to find them a home when they're old enough. Right now they have a cream tabby momma and her 5 kittens.

http://nutiminn.is/kattarshians/

(I am in no way affiliated I just think it's so adorable and want to share)
		-- u/DunkinDazzle, 12225 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK there is a website which archived 150k+ flash games and animations

After Adobe killed Flash in 2020, many of these games were lost forever. I came across a website, "[FlashMuseum](https://flashmuseum.org/)" which allows you to run all the old flash games and animations using an emulator (you don't have to download anything, login or pay).


Why YSK: Adobe tried killing flash, but the internet never forgets. You can find almost every flash game/animation ever created still archived, and this is a great starting point to find a lot of them.
		-- u/pinkwardremoval, 13484 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK there is an app called Be My Eyes that allows visually impaired people to video call volunteers to ask for visual assistance

Why YSK: The app is free to download and you can sign up as a volunteer or a visually impaired / blind person. If you need visual help (examples given are picking the right colour of an item of clothing, or the right brand of product when shopping) and you are visually impaired, you press a button on the app. The app will call multiple volunteers (volunteers do not need to have the app open to recieve a call, they just have to be logged in) , and whoever picks up the quickest is connected by video call. The volunteer can then assist you in whatever task you need help with.

Thought it was a great idea and a helpful app. Currently there are over 4 million volunteers signed up, but only 310, 000 visually impaired or blind people. Thought I'd share in case anyone would find this useful.

Edit: To clarify - you don't need to be actively on the app/ have it opened all day to receive calls, but you do need to have the app running in the background. It helps to open the app manually once every few days.

Edit 2: I understand there are more volunteers than visually impaired people using the app, that's why I quoted the number of users in my original post. I shared it on here in case there were visually impaired people using Reddit that weren't aware of the app and would  find it helpful. It's a great thought that so many people are willing to help others that a volunteer can go years without getting a call- far better to have too many volunteers than too few!
		-- u/ILikeToLurk00, 16599 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK there's a free alternative to Wolfram Alpha called fxSolver for solving Math and Engineering problems

It has a large library of equations to solve, plot and link together and each one can be customized and shared.

It's not a behemoth knowledge engine like Wolfram, but it's very useful for getting quick results by finding the right formula and solving it for any variable.

Anyway, [here's the link.](https://www.fxsolver.com)
		-- u/[deleted], 21649 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK there's a website called freecycle.org where people give away their unwanted furniture, appliances and other items for free.

It's important for anyone who is short on money or college students that want decent furniture/appliances, etc. for free. The website has moderators to ensure there's no spam.

\*edit: Forgot to mention there's a feature on the site to choose by location.
		-- u/[deleted], 20340 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK there's a website called manualslib.com which lets you search for instruction books/manuals for any product. The website has over 2 million manuals for 40,000 brands all free to access and available to download.

I use this website a lot because at one time or another I'm bound to lose or accidentally throw away an instruction book for a product I bought. 

[www.manualslib.com](https://www.manualslib.com)

*edit: I am not a salesperson trying to advertise my product. I just like making people’s lives easier.

*edit 2: Thank you for the gold and silver. Glad that everyone likes this.

*edit 3: Apparently there is also a good website for vehicle manuals.

www.justgivemethedamnmanual.com

*edit 4: Made the front page! I’m so glad you guys like this website. Thank you!

*edit 5: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.manualslib.app

Apparently there’s an app as well. Thanks, redditor!

*edit 6: Thank you u/ghettorat for the platinum!
		-- u/[deleted], 26639 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK there’s a texting hotline where you don’t have to speak; and you can talk about anything. Text hello to 741741

Most people already know this and please delete if it’s already been here, but there’s a hotline called crisis text line that lets you text and talk about anything.

You can ask for resources for anything you need as well. If you just want to vent, if you’re feeling suicidal, or you just had a super bad day. They’re there 24/7.

If you need to speak with a female counselor for gender based trauma, just request one.

Just text Hello to 741741 :) 

(I’m a counselor and I find myself referring a lot of people to this hotline!)

Edit to answer some common questions: this is the American number. It’s not quite international but there’s similar hotlines for other countries.

They do not report suicidal ideation. They will work with you 100% if you’re feeling suicidal and the very last thing they want to do is call the police. If you are immediately at danger or killing your self and you’re not willing to work or even try to talk about it or work on ways to stay safe, they MIGHT report.

The counselors can’t see your number. They see an anonymous string of numbers. They can’t see any of your information, in fact. Only supervisors can. They do nothing with the information unless a report needs to be made.

Yes, counselors can see their own private conversation history. However they can not see everyone’s so only you and your counselor have access to what you said.

Lastly, it’s volunteer run! When it gets late - a lot of people are sad, but also sleep. There’s less volunteers online and more people texting in, hence long waiting times.
		-- u/[deleted], 14320 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK to NEVER give a child under a year old honey, as it could kill them.

Why YSK: [Giving honey to children under a year old could cause them to become severely ill and die, as honey can contain the bacteria that causes infant botulism.](https://kidshealth.org/en/parents/botulism.html)
		-- u/someonewhowa, 16295 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK to always send that message of concern to a loved one.

Why YSK: It may seem over reaching, unnecessary, but many lives have been saved by “unnecessary” concern. I know of three myself. One of which being me. 

One friend (from another state) called out of the blue a few months ago and mentioned concern for me, and to vent or text whenever I needed. 

At the time it may seem trivial, obligatory, or unnecessary… but it hurts you none to say those words, however may save a life. 

Tonight I was about 50% through “the process” and remembered what my buddy had said. When I felt no one was there, I remembered that one sentence. 

That “obligatory and unnecessary” concern is why I am typing this post right now. 

Show concern for loved ones. even if you feel silly or out of line for doing so… you don’t know who’s listening for whatever reasons.

Edit: Yes, even your ex. You were with them at one point for a reason, try to see that side and please don’t wish them harm.
		-- u/[deleted], 10600 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK to avoid “for profit” universities like DeVry University and UPhoenix. They are known for scamming their students and giving unaccredited degrees.

Recently there has been a surge in commercials on YouTube and on the internet for colleges such as DeVry University and the Art Institutes.

Despite how attractive these schools appear in commercials, these “universities” are FOR PROFIT. This means that they exist to give shareholders and the CEO of the “university” money. These places do not focus on educating their students or doing research. Recruiters will often accept students to these colleges without looking at transcripts or other reports. They will also lie to you and try to lure you in to their institution. 

Most students who attend for-profits end up in mountains of debt, with a useless degree, and with tons of wasted time. The “degrees” given by these colleges are completely useless and many employers do not accept them. Credits at these schools don't transfer either, so you won't be able to continue your education elsewhere.

When you apply to college, make sure you look up whether it is for-profit, non-profit, or public.

The universities that care about your education and have regional accreditation are almost ALL non-profit (like the Ivy Leagues), or public (state schools). These colleges also tend to be cheaper.

Always do your research before applying to a university, and make sure you know that your degree will be useful! Many of the people who were scammed by for-profits could be living great had they gone to a state university.

RED FLAGS TO LOOK OUT FOR:

-Recruiters constantly spamming you
/The college accepting you without looking at your transcripts or test scores
/Tons of commercials online
/A “CEO” and shareholders

FOR PROFITS TO BE AWARE OF:
DeVry University,
The Art Institutes,
University of Phoenix,
Strayer University,

Don't let their innocent names fool you.

Video of a student who was scammed by a for-profit:
https://youtu.be/HQgs4wrAUvUqqqq

EDIT: Some people are asking for further evidence that these claims are true. Here are more sources:

https://youtu.be/QV9DRMzgcqU

https://money.cnn.com/2016/01/27/pf/college/devry-university-ftc/index.html

https://youtu.be/bTgZR5RVeFA

https://youtu.be/StG4sR2E5-Q

There are a ton of other sources if you search for them.
		-- u/MrQuesada, 16417 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK to cut your toenails straight across rather than curved to prevent ingrown toenails

EDIT4: I thought this would go without saying but clearly not, if cutting them curved works for you then keep doing that. If you don’t like your nails straight across don’t do this. Find what works best for you, this is just something that a lot of people find beneficial.

[Here's an example of how to cut them](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/de/34/21/de3421ef700135625ffb74b7e6768981.png)

I'm a nurse and I see it way too often that people need wedge resections to remove ingrown toenails. This is an extremely painful procedure and one you do NOT want to go through.

The two main causes I see are people cutting their nails too short, and curved on the sides, and people wearing shoes that are too tight.

If you cut them straight across and not too short you'll save yourself a lot of discomfort.

[Source](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/ingrown-toenails/symptoms-causes/syc-20355903)

EDIT: If you are worried about your nails please see a doctor or a podiatrist, I am not going to give out specific medical advice online as it is not appropriate.

EDIT2: I have had quite a few people messaging me trying to tell me I don't know what I'm talking about, I urge you to seek out information for yourself. Also, the procedure for the VAST majority of people is painful due to the numbing needles they have to give in what is called a 'ring block'. Whilst it is unpleasant it is sometimes the only option. If you didn't experience pain when you had it done that's great, I am happy for you and only speaking from years of experience.

EDIT3: This is not to scare people who already have ingrown toenails, I promise whilst it’s painful the pain doesn’t last long. Once it’s fixed you can work on preventing it happening again, but leaving an ingrown toenail to get worse is never a good idea and often just as painful as this procedure...
		-- u/[deleted], 13468 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK to double check your vehicle after a break in, or else your insurance company might rip you off.

Why YSK? I was broken into last year while at a park. I'd been gone only 15 minutes and when I returned my windshield had a huge crack in it and my passenger window was smashed. I had several valuable things stolen, and a hole kicked into my fender/bumper (sorry not good with cars in any way, shape, or form except driving haha). When the police arrived and I made my report, I was still pretty panicked and I left out the hole in the bumper because I simply hadn't thought to look there. Who would look there with two smashed windows at eye level? The next day when I made the report to my insurance company, I had noticed the hole in my bumper and added that on, thinking nothing of it. The insurance company refused to cover it. The hole wasn't on the police report, so it "is impossible to prove that it happened during the break in". Honestly it was pretty upsetting, seeing as the fender cost more than the windows to replace, but I learned to always, always double check before making a police report or else you might get ripped off.

Edit: after the comment about how it isn't really getting ripped off, I would agree, so maybe change the word "ripped off" to whatever you feel is more appropriate haha

Edit 2: ok I did not expect this to gain this sort of traction haha. I like all the discussions down below and appreciate the advice from people in the business. 

Final Edit: alright honestly me trying to cover people's asses for them has upset some people. I apologize for being so cautious. I'm removing all the gender stuff because this post was about insurance issues and not gender, and will not be answering, I apologize again.
		-- u/KeyennaValdis13, 18824 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK to restart/turn off your phone if you expect a police encounter. This will force a pin login on startup instead of facial recognition or thumb unlock.

Police have been known to use fingerprint and facial unlock against people's wills to try to prove guilt while they're being detained. They can not force you to verbally give them your pin however. In my opinion you should have the option of not giving the police anything until meeting with your attorney  and this just helps to achieve that.
		-- u/clinkyscales, 12729 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK to take frequent breaks whilst shoveling snow because it raises your risk for heart attacks and cardiovascular problems due to the cold weather and extended period of physical exertion.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/health/the-big-number-snow-shoveling-results-in-about-11500-injuries--including-100-fatalities/2019/12/06/10c46858-178a-11ea-8406-df3c54b3253e_story.html%3FoutputType%3Damp

Why YSK: This will help people be aware of the risks while shoveling snow, and therefore help prevent injury and even death during the winter season.
		-- u/LesFruitsSecs, 18180 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK truck drivers are struggling to eat during restaurant shut downs.

YSK if you see a truck driver walk to the door of a restaurant and walk away, they have no way to eat. Since walk up at drive thru isn’t allowed and most trucks don’t fit, they have no way to order or receive their food. You should ask them if you could go through the drive thru for them and pick up their meal. We owe them that much.

Edit: Thank you for the awards and comments. I think it’s important to clarify that I am not a truck driver. I just spoke to one at the gas station this morning because he couldn’t find anywhere else to eat and I thought I’d share.
		-- u/regpurplecow, 24015 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK turn off your windshield wipers when in a drive-thru

While most people don’t think about it, leaving your windshield wipers going while pulled up to a drive-thru window is actually very frustrating for the employees working. Rain and snow are thrown from the windshield of your car into the store and onto the store employees, and it can become a big problem if multiple customers do it in a row.

Why YSK: Oftentimes, fast-food employees are working long shifts, and standing there serving customer after customer while freezing is incredibly miserable for the employee. It can also make the floors of the store wet, creating unsafe working conditions for the employees. Instead, just turn the wipers back on after you are a few feet ahead of the window :)
		-- u/ResidentNecromancer, 13764 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK two less talked about symptoms of ADHD are poor mood regulation and rejection sensitivity

Why YSK: People with ADHD are more prone to extreme emotions. This is the result of poor executive function (a set of mental tools required to complete tasks). Many people are misdiagnosed with other mood disorders when in fact they have ADHD. This can lead to many years of incorrect treatment plans and/or worsening symptoms.

https://youtu.be/jM3azhiOy5E

Edit: This post is not meant to diagnose or provide professional advice for treatment. Please talk to your doctor/therapist if you feel you may have ADHD (which, yes, can be diagnosed in adulthood). Please keep in mind that I used the phrasing "prone to" because it is not clear if this is a causal relationship between ADHD and mood regulation. Some people theorize people with ADHD are rejected more in childhood and become especially defensive over time. Sometimes comorbidity is the culprit. It's okay for us to discuss this.

Thank you so much for the awards and comments &lt;3 Hopefully this information sparks some curiosity and introspection. It personally helped me take more responsibility for the emotional aspects of my disorder, which I did not even realize might connected for a long time. I often took my feelings as fact, now I challenge myself to stop and think about it. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy has helped me a lot with this, just my experience.

Quick note: a normal human experience becomes a disorder when it brings you to the point of dysfunction. Yes, no one likes rejection, but if even the slightest PERCEIVED SENSE of rejection uproots your life or sends you spiraling, resulting in toxic or self-sabotaging behaviors, it may be worth it to ask for help from a professional. 

Lastly, nowhere in my original post do I advocate taking medication, so I don't know why people are going off on me about that. Not only is medication NOT the ONLY treatment method available, but not all ADHD medications are stimulants, and you do not have to take any medication you are not comfortable with. There is a lot of stigma attached to ADHD meds in particular, all you can do is educate yourself, sift through the facts and myths, and make an informed decision with the help of a professional. Good luck friends.

Edit: Here is a link to a peer-reviewed journal article on the subject of ADHD and Emotional Dysregulation https://www.researchgate.net/publication/339894571_Emotion_dysregulation_in_adults_with_attention_deficit_hyperactivity_disorder_a_meta-analysis

It should also be said that the term Rejection Sensitivity is not a diagnosis in and of itself, therefore it would not get its own code in the DSM-5. It is a cluster of symptoms that can occur in many different conditions, ADHD can be one of those conditions. Here is an article on it in Psychology Today: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/friendship-20/201907/what-is-rejection-sensitive-dysphoria
		-- u/uthinkubettahthanme, 29748 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK under US Labor Law, 100% of tips have to be paid to workers. It's illegal for employers to take your tips.

Why YSK: there are state laws still in existence that say the employer can confiscate tips if they pay you a direct minimum wage. The federal law prohibiting this went into effect in April 2021. So these state laws are obsolete and unenforceable.

The employer is totally prohibited from confiscating or dipping into tip money. They can deduct card fees used to send tips, or if they operate a tip pool they can pool all tips and pay them out later, but overall 100% of tips have to be paid to workers.

It's illegal for employers, managers, supervisors, HR, to take any tip money or use tip money to pay for property damage, stolen meals, uniforms, PPE, missing cash from registers, etc. Tip pools can't be used to pay managerial staff, but they can be used to pay backroom workers like cooks.

&gt;an employer cannot keep employees’ tips under any circumstances; managers and supervisors also may not keep tips received by employees, including through tip pools.

[https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/flsa/tips](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/flsa/tips)

&gt;Section 3(m)(2)(B) prohibits employers, regardless of whether they take a tip credit, from keeping tips, “including allowing managers or supervisors to keep any portion of employees' tips.” 29 U.S.C. 203(m)(2)(B). The prohibition applies to managers or supervisors obtaining employees' tips directly or indirectly, such as via a tip pool. To clarify which employees qualify as managers or supervisors for purposes of section 3(m)(2)(B), the 2019 NPRM proposed § 531.52(b)(2), which would codify the Department's current enforcement policy under FAB No. 2018-3 (Apr. 6, 2018).

[https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2020/12/30/2020-28555/tip-regulations-under-the-fair-labor-standards-act-flsa](https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2020/12/30/2020-28555/tip-regulations-under-the-fair-labor-standards-act-flsa)

Note that Federal law supersedes state law. Also under NLRB laws, workers cannot waiver their labor rights and any policies, handbooks, contracts that say they can take your tips are illegal. You can't legally agree to forfeit tips to your employer.

If the employer takes your tips, or introduces policies or conditions of employment saying that they can take your tips, file a complaint with the Department of Labor.

[https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/contact/complaints](https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/contact/complaints)

Complaints are investigated by the Department. If they find the employer did something illegal, they will prosecute it themselves, fine the company, and force them to pay lost wages plus interest to you. You don't need a lawyer unless you have massive damages you need to get back (like if you missed paying medical bills because they were stealing tips). You may also consider filing a class action lawsuit if the practice was pervasive across the company, like if a franchise was stealing tips at hundreds of their stores.
		-- u/adimwit, 35041 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK up until December 12 th, you can get a Whopper for 1¢ from Burger King if you order it on their app within 600 ft of a McDonald's location

It's a new promotion they're doing and you can only fulfill this once. 
		-- u/elcielo17, 13696 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK using a dishwasher will help you save time, money, and the environment.

Why YSK: Dishwashers manufactured after 2013 only use up to 5 gallons of water per load and can save you up to 5000 gallons of water a year. 

Additionally, it will save you electricity as it takes a lot more energy to heat all the extra water you need to use with your hand washing. 

With the newer models, no need to rinse every dish before sticking it in the washer either - the newer washers should be able to handle the extra food debris (to an extent...).

Edit: this post is US specific.
		-- u/riinbow, 26526 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK what a shame spiral is and how it differs from panic and anxiety attacks

Edit--TRIGGER WARNING: intrusive thoughts, anxiety/panic attacks, suicidal thoughts

Why YSK: knowing the underlying cause of the intense horrible feelings will definitely help you get to the source faster so you can then actually heal from it. You can't always think your way out of an attack/episode if you haven't worked on certain things like self-compassion. Shame spiraling is often overlooked and it is a great cause of panic and anxiety amongst of people who don't know how to cope with it.

This is something I literally discovered a few days ago.

For the longest time, I just figured that I had panic and anxiety attacks and occasionally would fall into these "depressive" episodes that led to suicidal thoughts. These episodes always started with something that I did to inconvenience someone, like feeling really bad before a group hangout and having to bail pretty much last minute. Then I would feel this insane pressure in my chest around my heart and be weeping, like near hyperventilating levels of weeping with really intense thoughts like "its my fault, everyone hates me, I hate that I'm like this, I hate myself, im a burden to others..." and then the thoughts would spiral to the point of "i shouldn't be here, I want to die because I feel so bad and I can't cope with this feeling. I did something wrong and I cant fix it, therefore I deserve this. I deserve to hurt and be punished."

Well. This is not an anxiety or panic attack, my friend. It can turn into a panic attack for me sometimes (see hyperventilating and the idea that I am trapped, see thought list). 

This is a shame spiral. 

The worst part is that in the moment, it feels justified. It feels productive like "look at me, I can take responsibility, I am doing the right thing by punishing myself". Unfortunately, you doing all of this internally does NOTHING. It only hurts you and it can be scary for others because it is a very intense episode to observe from the outside. It really looks like an insane meltdown. But that's okay. 

Here's the cure: self compassion and boundaries. You don't have to whip yourself for making a mistake or making a call that you need to make for your own mental health. That's not yours. Someone else made you feel like that's what you had to do long ago (or maybe currently if you are in an abusive relationship/household). You don't have to hold onto those painful rules or expectations. 

It's not your fault.

It is NOT your fault. 

You aren't doing anything wrong by setting boundaries and needing to take care of yourself sometimes. There is a lot more nuance to this topic as it is common in lots of mental illnesses but when accompanied with narcissistic tendencies, with self compassion there also should be the added accountability but the realistic accountability and working towards making amends (and recognizing that even if you apologize, sometimes things cannot be amended and that is sometimes to learn from not to punish yourself over). 

[Here's an article that goes over some other steps to help stop shame spiraling](https://www.healthline.com/health/mental-health/shame-spiral-self-compassion#So,-how-are-you-feeling-now?)

EDIT: Here is a link to Therapy in a Nutshell's playlist on processing emotions:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiUrrIiqidTWje-Oc4uA6LZZO8vSaHaDL

The video is specifically about shame spiraling: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KepQX1tBvI

Here are some warm lines if you find this post triggering and need to talk to someone: https://screening.mhanational.org/content/need-talk-someone-warmlines/

Suicide hotline: https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/

Tldr: identifying what shame spiraling is, how to handle them, and how its different from other anxiety and panic attacks can help you better cope and avoid lots of pain and misery and even interrupt suicidal thoughts.
		-- u/Igotalottaproblems, 10713 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK what to do if you find a litter of kittens

First, **Wait**. Don't handle them. The mom might be out looking for food or hiding nearby.

Second, **Watch**. Keep an eye on them from a safe distance but not so close you scare the mom away. She should be back within 4 to 6 hours. Kittens don’t need to be with their mom 24/7.

If the mom does not come back within about 6 hours, and you believe they are in danger, you can **contact your local animal shelter about next steps. Some shelters will not have room, so check first.**

Why YSK: If the kittens are 'kit-napped' Mom will lose the ability to provide essential nutrients and early socialization. Bottle kittens are resource and time intensive and many shelters do not
have the ability to care for them. Kittens who are with their mom are given a better chance of survival!

(Info from my local shelter at ocpetinfo.com)
		-- u/SSSS_car_go, 24937 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK what to do if you think you are being followed

I never thought it could happen to me, but it did.

I was coming home from work and merged into a busy lane. The driver behind gave me plenty of space to maneuver and I gave him a courtesy hand wave after I merged. From that point on, he began following me. This driver mimic all my lane changes and took all my turns. Even as I entered a residential area, he still continued to maintain a two car length distance. I tried making eye contact with him to see if he was road-raging, but he was wearing sunglasses - in the evening. My mind started to race, I was getting closer to my home, I wasn't thinking straight... and I made a huge mistake.

# So, YSK what to do if you are being followed...

TL;DR - DO NOT GO HOME IF YOU ARE BEING FOLLOWED - even if you think you are. Instead, continue driving and call the police immediately. Try to gather as much description as possible and do not attempt to confront the other person.

Here is a little guide which goes into further detail about being followed:

**Why would someone follow you?**

&gt;Don't bother trying to understand the other person's reasoning. They could be a Private Investigator, a kidnapper, a family or a best friend's crazy ex. -you just don't know. In the here and now, assume they are going to do you harm.

**How do you know if someone is following you?**

&gt;You should maintain situational awareness of your surroundings at all time. Whether it is something monotonous like daily driving to and from work or loading groceries in your car at a parking lot, always pay attention to your environment and keep an eye out on anomalies (like being followed by the same person for 20m). And don't forget to listen to your gut! A simple intuitive feeling can be an ounce of prevention that is worth a pound of cure.  
&gt;  
&gt;Here are the Moscow Rules which I found helpful distinguishing someone following me by accident vs. someone with deliberate intentions.  
&gt;  
&gt;[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The\_Moscow\_rules](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Moscow_rules)

1. One time = an accident
2. Two times = a coincidence
3. Three times = enemy action

**Are you being paranoid?**

&gt;You can try to take the following actions if you want to be 100% sure you are being followed:

* Light up your turn signal and see if they do it too. But do not take your required turn and keep driving straight. Did they go straight to?
* Continue driving around in a circle. Most people don't drive around in circles. Are they still behind you?
* Make a safe maneuver which you normally would not take, like a U turn or drive in/out of a fast food parking lot. Are they still behind you?
* Go onto a freeway and immediately get off. Did they do the same?

**Someone is following me...now what?**

&gt;Again, do not go home if you suspect you are being followed. Gather as much information as possible *as you call the police*: license plate, vehicle make, vehicle color, sex, race, hair and eye color, build, age, distinguished markings on the car, etc.

* Here is a link to UC Berkeley Police Department which breaks down a description of a suspect:  [https://ucpd.berkeley.edu/campus-safety/report-crime/describe-suspect](https://ucpd.berkeley.edu/campus-safety/report-crime/describe-suspect)
* Here is a link to UC Berkeley Police Department which breaks down a description of a suspect vehicle: [https://ucpd.berkeley.edu/describe-suspect-vehicle](https://ucpd.berkeley.edu/describe-suspect-vehicle)

&gt;Do not attempt to stop the vehicle or attempt to leave the vehicle. You are much safer inside the car than on the outside. And do NOT attempt to confront the other person. You should drive yourself to a police station or a fire department.  If you do not know these locations, continue driving in a well-lit/public area until the police operator gives you further instructions.  
&gt;  
&gt;If the person behind you starts to get aggressive, you may have to use Startrek + 2F2F maneuvers. And if necessary, use evasive maneuvers to distance yourself from the potential threat; i.e. they get out of their car and begin to approach your vehicle at a stop sign/red light.

Remember, like the rules of boxing, "defend yourself at all times." You should be vigilant, calm, and stay in control of your thoughts. Do not panic if you are being followed. And do not think it could never happen to you!

For those wondering about my mistake...^(I accidentally went straight home). I was so confused (and a little pissed) to why this person was following me that I parked my car and ^(got out of my vehicle to confront the driver). Luckily (?) the driver never turned into my parking lot. Instead, he took the only exit which led him into the opposite direction of the main road he followed me on. I filed a report and nothing has happened to me or my car since.
		-- u/GoGoButters, 11487 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK what your Door Dash driver sees, and how the delivery process works.

**EDIT** [Here’s the update for Uber Eats!!!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/c78vf5/ysk_what_your_uber_eats_driver_sees_and_how_the/?utm_source=shareutm_medium=ios_app) 

There have been some recent posts about Door Dash’s payment model and how they use tips to subsidize the pay of the drivers who they contract. 

The advice is that it’s always better to tip cash (and it’s good advice) but the comment I keep seeing repeated is that people are concerned that if they put a $0.00 tip in the app, they will somehow receive substandard service. I want to walk you through what we see as drivers and how the delivery process goes to alleviate any concerns about leaving a $0.00 tip in the app and tipping in cash. 

PLEASE NOTE: Please don’t take this as a suggestion that you shouldn’t tip your driver. We work hard and do our best to get your food to you. We appreciate your appreciation. 

When we’re logged on and receive an offer, the screen changes [to look like this. ](https://imgur.com/a/3Epp7wC) We see a map that shows the general area, a mileage total, total number of items, and a guaranteed payout. The guarantee is important because it’s what we use to decide whether or not we will take an order. General rule of thumb is never accept an order which pays less than $1/mile. Note that we cannot see a specific tip amount, just the total.

Once we accept the offer we head to the restaurant, and when we get to the restaurant we slide a button to confirm that we’ve arrived. We are [then shown a screen which shows your order details.](https://imgur.com/a/R5dFTpg)This screen also shows any special requests you’ve made in regards to preparation, modifications, or substitutions. 

We let the restaurant know that we’ve arrived and are given your order. If the bag is not sealed, we can look to make sure all items are included, however we cannot open boxes or packages to make sure it was prepared right. If the bag is sealed, we cannot open it to check anything and have to take the restaurant’s word for it. If you receive an order with missing items or incorrectly prepared food, please contact Door Dash customer service. The rating you give your dasher should only be a reflection of the delivery itself, not the preparation or absence of items as that is often outside of our control. 

After we receive the order, we slide a button on the app verifying pickup and [showing us your address along with any delivery instructions.](https://imgur.com/a/r5VqFFB) If you have a gate code or any requests for the delivery itself, this is where we see them. Instructions to your building in an apartment complex are helpful as well. At this point we have already left the restaurant, so any requests regarding food preparation or additions to your order cannot be accommodated. It’s too late by this point. 

Once we have handed you your food we swipe the button to confirm delivery [and are shown how much we were paid and whether or not a tip was included.](https://imgur.com/a/UcZlRfh) This order is a good example of the concern regarding Door Dash’s handling of tips. This customer was generous and tipped $5, but Door Dash used that $5 towards the guarantee and only paid $1.21 to the Dasher. If the customer had tipped $5 cash instead, Door Dash would have paid the full $6.21 guarantee and the dasher would have received $11.21 total for that delivery. 

[Here are some more examples of various payouts.](https://imgur.com/a/CXtrKT4)

I hope this clears up some things for you all. This info only applies to Door Dash, not other platforms, but I would be happy to put together walkthroughs for Uber Eats and GrubHub if anyone is interested.

Let me know if you have any questions!

**EDIT:** I’m seeing a lot of comments about how tipping is an outdated concept, should only be offered for service above and beyond, or how a particular dasher you’ve encountered was terrible and didn’t deserve a tip. Those are all also great reasons to tip $0 in the app and then give cash once/if you receive your food and are happy with the service your Dasher provided.
		-- u/LSHT2019, 14415 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK when faced with an emergency or stressful situation the fist thing you should do is take a deep breath in and let it out slowly.

Huge caveat to this! If you are in a life threatening emergency do whatever possible to ensure your safety and the safety of those around you. Do not endanger yourself by doing nothing!

Taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly stimulates the vagus nerve which can help to suppress some of the initial fight or flight reflexes that can cause inappropriate reactions or cause panic. 

The best thing you can do in an emergency is remain calm, assess, and then react. Reacting on fight or flight instincts can cloud your judgment which could cause you to make the wrong decision or react in an inappropriate manner.

Source: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-athletes-way/201302/the-neurobiology-grace-under-pressure

 Additional source: Firefighter/EMT of 4 years.

Edit: Thank you for the award kind stranger!
		-- u/Fallrixk, 11099 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK when naming files/folders by date, naming them YYYY-MM-DD will automatically sort everything chronologically.

Why YSK: If you have a lot of files or folders in one location that you have saved by the date putting them in this format is the best way. Just remember to always use four digits for the year, two for the month and two for the day, otherwise it will throw the system out of wack. (1, 11, ...2 / 01, 02...11)
		-- u/rexmons, 18640 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK when using public WiFi you can use incognito mode to force wifi sign in page.

If you use public Wi-Fi and for some reason it won't automatically direct you to the page where you login.  Just go to incognito mode in your browser and go to any page and it will pop up.
		-- u/supguyyo, 15794 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK when you call a support line and leave a survey it only affects the employee who answered

When you leave a bad survey saying something like “the prices are to high” and leave a low score it doesn’t even get the company. The only person who usually sees it are the person you called and their supervisor. The company as a whole just sees a stat as a bad survey for that rep and it has a negative impact on them. Anything below perfect score is considered bad.

Edit: I didn’t think I needed to specify that not all are like this just *most*. There are obviously exceptions.
		-- u/JurassicissaruJ, 12170 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK when you clean ice off your car you should clean off the ENTIRE car. Not just the windows.

Why YSK: because a funny and *cool* (/s) thing happens when you combine ice and highway speeds. That is, the ice that you neglected to clean off your car can come flying off and turn into a projectile.
		-- u/[deleted], 19275 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK when you receive electronic devices in the mail on very cold days, you should not turn them on until they are completely warm and dry.

Why YSK: Bringing freezing cold electronic devices into your home will cause them to condensate, which also can happen INSIDE the device. Powering them up can potentially damage sensitive electronic circuitry.
		-- u/norssk_mann, 15220 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK why Japan is allowing hybrid animal human fœtus

Organs are hard to find.
If you need an organ transplant, you need a donor. And to have a donor, you need a fresh dead body with same blood type and same complex other factors. And this is hard to find, and people can wait month to get a transplant. This is where pigs come into play. Pigs and humans are not very différents, and we have the technology to create pigs with human organs. Let the pig mature, you have a fresh human organ ready to transplant. This is why Japan is allowing these kind of fœtus to be made, it's the first step for unlimited replacement organs. Not for catgirls or stuff.
[MIT review ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.technologyreview.com/2019/11/01/132110/meet-the-pigs-that-could-solve-the-human-organ-transplant-crises/amp/)
[An other source ](https://immunology.sciencemag.org/content/4/41/eaau6298.full?ijkey=5bCKnutqZfiEUkeytype=refsiteid=immunology)
[Wikipedia ling about Xenotransplantation ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xenotransplantation)
Edit : I'm talking about full pigs with 1 human organ. Pig brain, pig body, pig everything except for a lung or a liver. Sorry if I was unclear
		-- u/Higgsgeek, 18750 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK why your countless online job applications never land you an interview

**not final Edit: First time making a post here, so apologies as it seems im too longwinded and there needs to be a succinct message** 

Tldr: it's because you're not copying and pasting the words used in the listing itself within your resume. It's critical you do to get past their automated screening software. Also, it should be more nuanced then literal copy/paste. There should be a reframing of your skills, just integrating the words/skills requested in the original job listing.

Or, as I've learned thanks to this discourse:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghost_jobs

-

Why YSK: We all know how god damn demoralizing it is to try to find a new job by searching online and applying via indeed, idealist, etc. You see your dream job listed, you know you're the exact person they want/need; you fire off your resume/cv and, of course, no reply save for the confirmation it's been received and thanks for applying! /s

It doesn't matter if you apply via indeed or on the company's direct webpage. Your application, resume, cv, or whatever is never seen by a person first. It's assessed by what's called a "automated screening software," that reviews your cv/resume, compares keywords in it versus the job listing, and then determines if you're the appropriate candidate. 

Sounds neat, and definitely effective, but so wholly cutthroat and you aren't even aware of it. Not even the employer who is using the site or service to host the listing. 

I mean, I could imagine how fucking insane it'd be to just have resumes mag-dumped directly to my inbox and then manually go through them to assess individually. So, these things were created, but - when has anyone ever told you about this when you were in your first "resume workshop! yay!" I don't even think those people know about this software.

The simple reason your not getting callbacks is just because you aren't using the exact words that are in the job listings post. You most certainly have the skills requested, you just framed it in your own way - not the way the listing says it *verbatim.*

It's super arduous, annoying, and taxing to have to re-do your resume for every single listing you shoot out, but, that's the game being played, and you didn't even know it was being played. 

I'll never forget learning about this when I was in a slump of no call backs for dozens of jobs I applied. I had quit a position with two colleagues at the same time as we had to get the hell out of dodge that was that job, and it was bleak. No callbacks, no interests. It was terrifying. One colleague opened their own business, so they sorted themselves out well enough, but me and the other went the indeed/idealist route. 7 months with no returns and dwindling savings/odd jobs, my colleague checks in with me about my search and ultimately shares that he's gotten a 3 callbacks in a matter of weeks as a result of some website he used that provided metrics to assess how much his resume matched the listing. 

I'll never forget that conversation, that website, and the curtain pull of how all this shit works. I used that site for a bit, but once I realized that all you had to do was semi-copy/paste word usage from the job posting into my CV/resume- suddenly, I was getting equally numerous responses back and interviews.

~~We're beyond the times of "knowing someone to get your foot in the door."~~ **Internal referrals are still a thing, so that was a blanket statement I'd put better context on based on many valid comments.** But, this is what's keeping people that actually could perform the job from even being noticed as an applicant because of sorting software. It's so simple and so stupid, but that's why you barely ever hear back beyond some automated "thanks for applying!"

I hope this helps someone. Boy, do i know how horribly soul-crushing and invalidating it is to apply for something you 100% know you qualify for and would do amazing at only to just be met with non-resonses. You're good at what you do, you're just up again a stupid program, not a lame HR person.

Edit: 

A lot of commentors have been awesome at providing additional perspective on what I've shared. I definitely see y'all who are knowledgeable about these systems (more so than me.)

And also - i may have overextended with the "foot in the door" comment. Definitely knowing/networking to get your stuff seen is definitely still viable and possibe.

Lastly, I love the discussions taking place. Thank you for keeping it classy.

**FRFR FINAL EDIT**

In this discussion, these practices are somewhat common knowledge to many commentors due to it being their area of expertise as hiring managers and many others privileged with tech-saviness.

However, in my career of working with families, youth, adolescents in my homestate in high schools, community centers, and social work. Resume prepping in lower income communities is a real struggle. There's no consistent resume teaching narrative to follow. I've seen comically/incredibly sad resumes of individuals as a result of trying to identify some type of matching skills. 

Given the number of other people who have comments that this post is getting past the looking glass of the bleak job of job hunting, it's still not common knowledge. Chatgpt is out, and many of these systems I've highlighted aren't super new. They've always been there, just never discussed, so, I'm glad to have been a bit long-winded. I've been there, **twice**, unemployed for months before i finally got something right or I was given the opportunity of the foot in the door. It's miserable and so demoralizing. Learning about it really alleviated a lot of negative self-narratives of, like, "fuck am i really not hirable? Wth..: and that leads to a really bad headspace. 

So, good luck to you all with your searches. There's a treasure trove of amazing tips and chatgt prompts to start getting further ahead of it all!

Post-note: good greif, a few folks think im shilling the resume assessment website i previously mentioned lmao. I clearly state how I utilized it, but you can simply do it on your own once you understand it all. Referencing the actual page/service was to provide evidence, context, and proof of these systems being in play. You don't *need* that site, and there's tons of comments regarding the free use of chatgpt. Don't reduce the info of this post just because i stated one example website.
		-- u/subroutinedreams, 16289 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK with masks being required in many places it's worth being aware that the combination of muffled sound and no way to lip read makes it difficult for people with hearing difficulties. Making people feel stupid, small or horrid for the tiny inconvenience of having to repeat yourself can be crushing

I am fortunate enough to have a pair of hearing aids that I can use for free on the NHS, but not everyone has that luxury. Any problems that cause issues with communication can be really difficult for people to feel included and many of those may struggle socially in general. You may not even be aware that someone has a mild hearing loss because humans are awesome and find ways to cope with just about anything. However, people can also be inconsiderate and, especially for those who are already self conscious about it, getting angry or impatient with someone because they're asking you to repeat yourself can be weirdly soul destroying (especially if you just give up and refuse to then say whatever it is you were saying). It really makes you feel like there's something totally wrong with you and somehow you're at fault. So with the added issues of masks muffling sound and blocking the lips, try to be patient with people who struggle to hear you and understand that we're not being dicks, it's not "selective hearing" (god damn it I hate that with a passion) and we're at least as annoyed by not being able to hear you as you are!

EDIT: There seems to be some people taking this as me suggesting we don't wear masks. That is ABSOLUTELY NOT what I'm suggesting. It is vital we continue to do so for as long as it takes, this was only ever meant to be a reminder that while we are using them there will be people who find communicating more difficult. Apologies if anyone thinks this was advocating for no masks, that was never my intention.
		-- u/Mikrail, 17773 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK you are never wasting your time when you are reading a good book

Fictional reading in particular is extremely beneficial to all aspects of your life. Humans have been wired with the ability to speak, as we've been doing it for at least 100,000 years in some shape or form. Reading however, has only been around for 5,000 years or so. A baby has to be taught how to read, but will learn to speak if you put them around other people who speak.

Why YSK: Reading quite literally creates new individual neural pathways in the brain. Brain scans show that reading results in a brain activity quite similar to having the actual experience yourself. The brain is a muscle, the more you force yourself to take other people's perspective, the more you sympathize, the more empathetic society we will have.

Edit: Thank you so much for the awards! Please send me your book recs, I want to break my personal book record this year and fill up my book journal! :)
		-- u/hiftikha, 19076 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK you can analyze the rating of an Amazon product on reviewmeta.com, which will check the reviews for suspicious patterns/behavior. It's free, and they also have a browser extension that will do it automatically.

Came across it when I was trying to figure out why a well-reviewed product I bought was garbage.  Sure enough, almost all of that company's products were red-flagged.  Don't make the same mistake I did.  Could've saved myself a decent amount of money if I'd known about it earlier.
		-- u/Arboria_Institute, 13656 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK you can block YouTube video ads just by adding a period after the dot com in the URL like this: www.youtube.com./watch...

Desktop only, sorry!
		-- u/DAT_DROP, 20921 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK you can borrow hundreds of items such as tools, gardening equipment, appliances, musical instruments, electronics, and hobby supplies for free from libraries affiliated with the Library of Things program. You just need to be a cardholder of the library to take advantage.

Why YSK: It’s a great resource for anyone who needs/wants to borrow useful household supplies for short periods of time rather than buying them.  

[More info, and locations.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Things) — this is NOT a complete list. Do an online search for Library of Things in your state/country to find more. There’s no central database of them.
		-- u/[deleted], 24005 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK you can change your Venmo settings to “private”. Everyone doesn’t need to know who you are paying for what.

There is no upside to sharing your personal transactions publicly.
		-- u/[deleted], 14150 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK you can help combat child sexual abuse and sex trafficking by uploading photos of your hotel rooms to TraffickCam

If you travel and stay in hotel rooms please consider using [TraffickCam](https://traffickcam.com)

Take a couple of quick pictures of the room any time you stay in a hotel/motel and upload them to the website. These images are added to a database which can be compared to the background of sexual abuse images and videos. Sex traffickers also regularly post photographs of their victims posed in hotel rooms for online advertisements.

This can help law enforcement identify the location where offences took place, as well as the identity of the victims and perpetrators.

There’s also an app under the same name which you can keep on your phone. It only takes a few minutes and you could really be helping a vulnerable victim.
		-- u/goddamitletmesleep, 46399 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK you can help stop child abuse by identifying objects on Europol.

You can help identify objects and places that have been posted on Europol's website to hopefully give leads to help solve some horrific crimes.

If you can identify anything it could mean a huge deal to someone's life.

[https://www.europol.europa.eu/stopchildabuse](https://www.europol.europa.eu/stopchildabuse)

EDIT: Be warned, as this deals with a sensitive topic it may be triggering to some people. The Europol link has cutouts of imagery such as clothing, items or rooms to be able to hopefully identify locations of implied abuse.
		-- u/GrinFandango, 14021 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK you can save $50 at oil changes by replacing your own air and cabin filters for $18 and 10 minutes of your time.

Oil change places don't make a whole lot on the oil change itself, especially if you get a coupon (check the store or dealer's website for coupons, they often have them for oil changes). But - it's a regular way to guarantee a customer has to come in.

Once in, they try to sell you various things. Always, they will say your air filter (which filters air going into the engine, for combustion) and cabin filter (filters the fresh air going into the passenger area) are "dirty" and offer to replace them for $20, $30, sometimes $40 each.

NEVER say yes. (\*\*EDIT: apparently some makes/models (Hondas from 2000 or earlier, Ford Fusions, maybe others) you have to actually disassemble part of the dash, the radiator assembly, or both, in order to replace one or the other filter - so make sure to double-check online first.)

You can buy replacement filters for $5-15 bucks, and a Youtube search for "air filter replace" plus your model and year of car, and you can (\*\*EDIT: "usually") replace it in under 10 minutes.

This is one of the most outrageous upsells. I had to post this after I got my oil change this morning, said my customary "no thanks" to the "we can replace your cabin and engine air filters for you" - and then I overheard a single mom in the bay next to me paying $160 for a FRICKING OIL CHANGE AND "FILTER REPLACEMENT." UGH!!! So angry. I went up to her outside and told her, and she was so shocked, and thanked me afterward.
		-- u/ToWhistleInTheDark, 11662 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK you can search movies on google by typing “google drive (insert movie title)” and the movie will pop up

Just checked for a couple movies I loved and there was a file for me to watch it in a google drive!

E: I’m SO SORRY for getting a specific subreddit banned for something I thought was not gonna gain traction. Welp now the world knows...
		-- u/chilljunky, 26685 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK you have rights when it comes to debt collectors. Just because you owe money does not mean you have to accept abuse.

[Here is a good resource from the US FTC on what your rights are.](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/debt-collection-faqs)

Edit:
- [Here is a similar resource for Germany](https://www.vonunsbekommtihrnix.noblogs.org) courtesy of u/nerdinmathandlaw
- [Here is one for the UK](https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/debt-and-money/action-your-creditor-can-take/harassment-by-creditors/) courtesy of u/peacefulintentions
- [This website](https://www.e-konomista.pt/empresa-de-cobranca/) is for Portugal from u/pqpm
- [This is a general one for the EU but remember it might be different by individual countries](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=LEGISSUM%3A4314907), courtesy of u/de420swegster

If anyone has a similar resource for other countries, comment it and I’ll add it to the post.

Edit 2: this wasn’t supposed to turn into a “how to get out of your debt” tip but it kinda did. I wasn’t making any statement for/against debt. I just don’t think anyone should have to put up with illegal intimidation just because they have debt to their name. Pretty simple but I just don’t want to have to keep explaining that
		-- u/292to137, 14380 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK you should NEVER fly a drone near a wildfire. It will cause all firefighting air support to be grounded.

It has happened a lot this year. Homes are burning because they can't get helicopters in the sky.
		-- u/spaceXcadet, 30052 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK you should tell your doctor about bad dandruff

Why YSK:

A bit of context for everyone - I’ve had terrible dandruff since I was young; being of South Asian descent my parents tried absolutely everything to resolve it. 

We tried oil treatments, head  shoulders, even the strong T-Gel stuff w/ tar. All of this works for a time, but requires consistent discipline and routine to actually do it’s job.

Eventually the dry flaky behavior found its way to other parts of my skin - between my nose and cheeks, near my ears, by my eyebrows. Here too consistent moisturizer kept it at bay, but a missed day would mean a flair up.

What I find is that not many people bring it up to their doctor - myself included. I would try many cocktails of fixes and browse the internet for a new method someone swore by. I eventually just came to the conclusion that maybe the climate is just too dry for my skin and I’ve got to deal with it. 

Here’s where a lot of ignorance in terms of dandruff comes in - dandruff is not due to the dryness of one’s skin. The flaky nature of the stuff is quite the opposite. When your skin or hair is too oily, it attracts a normal fungus on your skin to have a feast and flair up. Throwing more oils at dandruff does not solve dandruff.

At the beginning of this year, I mentioned it to my doctor during my physical and he prescribed me a topical cream for my face, and a prescription shampoo for a few times a week. What I was diagnosed with was Seborrheic dermatitis - and it was in fact very treatable.

Skeptical, I applied the cream without any lotion or moisturizer; not thinking it would do a thing. The shampoo as well after a shower.

It’s gone. All of it. Completely gone. No flakes or problem areas anywhere overnight. It’s so relieving to just have it gone. According to the PCP, it also doesn’t require a refill - once it’s done you’re good to go.

Basically tldr; talk to your Dr about bad dandruff and stop trying a concoction of remedies. It’ll change your life.

EDIT: woah this blew up. My prescription is as follows:

- Topical Ketoconazole 2% cream
- Ketoconazole 2% shampoo

EDIT 2: A lot of you have pointed out that Head and Shoulders and lots of other shampoos have Ketoconazole as the active ingredient. Unfortunately for whatever reason this did not work for me and I had to get a prescription. Though, I think this is why you should bring it up to your Dr. - if the treatment doesn’t work then your Dr. can help you navigate what will work instead of you searching the internet and trying everything!
		-- u/Suspicious-Rich-2681, 21386 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK you shouldn’t take puppies under 4 months old to a dog park.

Why YSK: it is dangerous for young puppies to go to a dog park because it’s highly likely for them to contract a disease.

This comes from the last 3 times I went to my local dog park there being not only tiny puppies under 2 months old there, but they were in the pen for dogs over 20 pounds. There is a sign of rules (no dogs under 4 months, no dogs that aren’t fixed, etc) which people regularly ignore. It’s usually not a huge deal, you know maybe once in a blue moon someone brings in an intact male and when he starts getting humpy or rude they leave pretty quickly. 

But these tiny puppies? Look, I get it, you want your puppy to like dogs. You wanna get them socialized. But dog parks are an actual cesspool of disease for unvaccinated dogs- and I say unvacced because puppies don’t get their final round of shots till they’re 3 months old, and it’s usually advised to wait another month for the vaccines to set in before allowing them into an area where lots of other dogs are. Hence the 4 month rule at the park. 

It’s a great place for your puppy to contract parvo, distemper, kennel cough, and whatever the heck else other dogs may carry. My own dog (10 months) got conjunctivitis from the dog park like 3 weeks ago. Some of these diseases are extremely DEADLY for little puppies. And trust me, I see a lot of small puppies come in at work for these things during spring and summer because their owner took them to parks too early. 

It’s just like how you wouldn’t let a brand new human baby lick a toilet in an elementary school. (And I say lick the toilet because puppies lick the ground, other dogs, people, poop, whatever). 

Here’s a quick and to-the-point link about it, with some tips on how to socialize a puppy without taking it to a dog park:[dog park manners ](https://www.animalhumanesociety.org/behavior/you-go-dog-park)
		-- u/hereliesPeaches, 26835 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK your VHS tapes and home movies have a short lifespan and need to be transferred to save them

Why YSK :  VHS tapes were not meant to last forever and every day that goes by is one day closer to your precious memories being lost forever. Old VHS tapes and home movies are in danger of being destroyed by mold, age and ribbon deterioration. There are companies all over the world that will transfer your VHS tapes to a more long term options. Even if you find the ribbons have mold or damage there are companies that can repair and transfer your movies. It's much cheaper transferring tapes in good condition than it is to transfer moldy or damaged tapes.
		-- u/Alter_Ego_Maniac, 17330 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK your cat may be sick if they are always sitting by the water bowl

I had to have my cat put down yesterday. He would lay by the water bowl all day, and when we took him to the vet they found out that he had kidney failure, liver disease, and abscesses in his intestines.
Pay attention to your animals’ behaviors, because it may mean life or death.
[source](https://animalpath.org/why-do-cats-lay-next-to-the-water-bowl/)
		-- u/coldbeanburrito, 19730 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK your insurance company might try to deny or delay benefits and you can break through the BS by requesting your policy

I deal with insurance companies for a living. Adjusters often deny or delay benefits. For instance, I just had a Medpay adjuster try to delay benefits because the medical bills didn’t have CPT codes. I demanded the policy, which my client has an absolute right to have since it’s his own damn policy, and the adjuster just paid the benefits instead. I figured there wasn’t anything in the policy requiring CPT codes so I pushed back and the adjuster immediately caved.

Always ask for your policy, which is a written contract. That defines your and your insurer’s rights and obligations. It says when you’re entitled to benefits and what hoops you have to jump through to get them.

Edit: I've seen many folks mention the same thing so I'll address some of it here.

(1) Before I went to sleep a guy told me to clarify a particular point and I should have.  Sorry.  My example about CPT codes is for Medpay, which can also be known as PIP, which is a no-fault coverage for bodily injuries that you or someone in your car sustains and is an add-on product for car insurance in my state. If this came up for you, I'd say there's a decent chance my tactic would get your Medpay benefits paid specifically (if you're in my state, at least) because of the type of policy this is.  This definitely might not work for health insurance. My advice about getting the policy is universal, though. You absolutely have a right to it in health insurance situations, even though it might not do you any good, especially in self-funded ERISA situations. Those plans are governed by federal law and claim denials are, to a large degree, within the plan administrator's discretion.  However, there is a federal statute (29 USC § 1132) that imposes penalties on the plan admin if they don't give you your plan docs within a pretty short period - 10 days I believe - which is substantially shorter than the 30 days provided by my state's law on when policy info must be provided.

(2) Another example of when your policy can come in handy is for recorded statements.  When you seek your own insurance benefits, your insurer may want to do a recorded statement. (Someone else's insurer cannot require this of you until after you file suit.)  In fire loss claims, for instance, they may want to do a formal examination under oath ("EUO") with a court reporter in what looks very much like a discovery deposition. Your adjuster may even say they have the right to talk to anyone they want. That is usually false. The policies I've seen require only recorded statements and EUOs of named insureds. I strongly suggest you lawyer up if at all possible before giving a recorded statement to your own insurer. I never allow recorded statements of clients for someone else insurer until suit is filed and discovery rules require me to do so. Lawyering up is more likely a possibility where you can get an attorney with a contingency fee arrangement.  For property damage claims, it's probably less feasible so you'll have to be very careful about what you say to ensure it's 100% consistent with other statements you've made that are documented in writing, i.e. to medical providers or police.

(3) In my CPT example, I had already requested, paid for as a contingency case expense, and provided the medical records (OV notes and whatnot) and detailed billing for everything I submitted to the Medpay adjuster. Actually, my assistant had tried to get billing with CPT codes and couldn't. Instead of go toe-to-toe with doctors' offices with whom I'd like to maintain good relationships, I told the Medpay adjuster that we wouldn't keep looking for CPT codes until he sent me the policy that indicated those had to be provided before Medpay benefits were paid out. The CPT codes themselves were literally the only thing missing. There was no doubt what treatment was performed or that the treatment was related to the MVA. I'm sure the adjuster just needed the CPT codes for an internal purpose and was having the same trouble getting them that my office was having. My point was that we were only going to do what the insured was required to do before getting the benefits that he paid for.

(4) For folks calling me an ambulance chaser, lol, fair enough. I'd like to clarify one thing about how I handle Medpay,   Many attorneys I know in my state do not handle Medpay claims. The contingency percentage that I charge is for the bodily injury portion of the claim. I handle Medpay claims for no additional charge as a routine practice because, done right, it has a profoundly positive impact on the client. I take no cut of Medpay proceeds. Usually Medpay benefits are paid directly to the providers but, occasionally, the Medpay insurer will pay the money to the client for him/her to handle the bills on their own. That can be great because we can then negotiate bills to pay off with Medpay money. Again, no extra cost to the client but can put a lot more money in their pocket. When we get Medpay money, it goes into and is paid out of my trust account and I never touch a penny.

If my client has Medpay, I can get the bills paid but still pursue the at-fault insurer for the total amount of charges billed, which basically ends up looking like an increased pain and suffering award. The Medpay insurer generally cannot get reimbursed from the client (due to a subrogation rule in my state called the made whole doctrine) and the client's premiums are not supposed to go up because of a rule that says premiums cannot increase due to claims that aren't your fault.
		-- u/[deleted], 13324 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK your outdoor cat is causing detrimental damage to the environment

Cats hunt down endangered birds and small mammals while they’re outdoors, and have become one of the largest risk to these species due to an over abundance of outdoor domestic cats and feral cats. Please reconsider having an outdoor cat because they are putting many animals onto the endangered list.

Edit to include because people have decided to put their personal feeling towards cats ahead of facts: the American Bird Conservancy has listed outdoor cats as the number one threat to bird species and they have caused about 63 extinctions of birds, mammals, and reptiles. Cats kill about 2.4 billion birds a year. The International Union for the Conservation of Nature lists cats as one of the worlds worst non-native invasive species.

If you want your cat to go outside, put it on a leash with a harness! That way you can monitor your cat and prevent it from hunting anything. Even if you don’t see it happen, they can still kill while you’re not watching them. A bell on their collar does not help very much to reduce their hunting effectiveness, as they learn to hunt around the bell. 

Also: indoor cats live much longer, healthier lives than outdoor cats! It keeps them from eating things they shouldn’t, getting hit by cars, running away, or other things that put them in danger

I love how a lot of people commenting are talking about a bunch of the things that humans do to damage the environment, as if my post is blaming all environmental issues on cats. Environmental issues are multifaceted and need to be addressed in a variety of ways to ensure proper remediation. One of these ways is to take proper precautions with your cats. I love cats! I’ve had cats before and we ensured that they got lots of exercise and were taken outside while on harnesses or within a fenced yard that we can monitor them in and they can’t get out of. You’re acting like we don’t take the same precautions with dogs, even though dogs are able to be trained much more effectively than cats are.

I’m not sure why people are thinking that my personal feelings are invading this post when I haven’t posted anything about my personal feelings towards this issue. This is an important topic taught in environmental science classes because of the extreme negative impact cats have on the environment.
		-- u/[deleted], 37592 upvotes, 0.74 ratio.
%
YSK you’re not expected to actually spend your full 8-hour workday really working. (Shoutout to the neurodivergent crowd)

This applies mostly to office jobs.

It’s much more realistic to aim for about [4 hours of actual productive work](https://www.worklife.news/talent/hours-in-workday/).

Why YSK: A common misconception (especially for neurodivergent people) is that in an 8-hour workday, you have to be productive and work the full 8 hours – potentially adding to [neurodivergent people feeling burnt out more often than their neurotypical peers](https://www.peoplemanagement.co.uk/article/1798074/majority-neurodivergent-employees-experiencing-mental-health-issues-study-finds#:~:text=Half%20(50%20per%20cent)%20reported,per%20cent%20of%20other%20employees). We hear „8 hours of work“ and are paid for 8 hours, so we think we have to focus and productively work for 8 hours.

But actually, we are [twice as productive as workers with 10 years of experience](https://qz.com/work/1981466/neurodiverse-applicants-are-revolutionizing-the-hiring-process).

We can counteract burnout risk by taking frequent or long enough breaks, having accommodations in place, and working with our brains instead of against them.
		-- u/notaproctorpsst, 16420 upvotes, 0.84 ratio.
%
YSK, It’s rude to arrive at parties earlier than you’re supposed to, without advance permission

YSK, similarly to when people are late for parties, arriving *too* early can also be just as rude.. 

**Why YSK:** People may still be setting up and doing last minute things to prep for the party, and when you arrive early without notice, people may feel the need to ‘make you feel welcome’ and host you rather than finish up their setting up. It throws everything off sometimes.

We had a birthday party for my daughter last weekend, and she had friends arrive over 45 minutes early unexpectedly. I ended up having to take her friends with me to the store to grab some last minute things just so my daughter could get out of the shower and get dressed. It was frustrating to say the least..

Unless previously agreed upon, stick to making it to the party as close to the time it starts so as not to cause unnecessary stress and confusion.. of course if you’re there to help set up, that’s a different situation entirely!
		-- u/RileyRhoad, 28503 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK, Not all poisonous gas is colored, but ALL colored gas is poison.

 **Why YSK:**  This could help save you in a situation where you dont know what something is or how it may react! Though, of course, I would expect anyone to exit the area of ANY gas leak.

 Credit to [u/johnn11238](https://www.reddit.com/u/johnn11238/) for his comment on a post regarding the recent chlorine gas explosion.
		-- u/Lukaar, 15939 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK, a lot of small restaurants (especially cultural restaurants) that are open on holidays aren’t open cause they don’t celebrate the holidays, they’re just trying to survive.

This one’s going to be kinda lame. But it hits home for me. 
Why YSK: behind most mom and pop family restaurants whether it be Asian restaurants, Mexican, American etc; is a family that doesn’t want to open on holidays. Behind those mom and pop shops, are usually kids wishing their family could get together for a holiday for once.

I bring this up because my family once had a restaurant; And on one Thanksgiving day, instead of having our own family dinner we had to open the restaurant. A lady came in for a catering order and I heard her tell her husband “oh don’t worry; these people don’t celebrate thanksgiving”. Now, she wasn’t being racist; she was just ignorant to our culture. 

Of course we celebrate American holidays.  But many family restaurants open cause it’s survival. We didn’t have a “Make up” day for Thanksgiving. We just had to deal with it. At home are the kids watching tv  sitcoms of thanksgiving specials, living vicariously. While mom and dad are trying to provide. 

So if you do visit a family restaurant this Thanksgiving, please be extra kind.

Edit: a lot of opinions in the comments derived from misunderstanding. I wanted to clarify that this is not just “ethnic” restaurants. And yes, I understand that not everyone celebrates the same holidays. 
My point with this post was just to advise that we shouldn’t judge right away, that we should take a few moments to appreciate mom and pop shops, and to shed light on what may be going on behind the scenes. 

This is not a post saying “do/don’t go to restaurants on holidays”.
		-- u/OMWasap, 23950 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK, if you (or your kids) ever have a health class in high school and some group comes to give an anti-drug speech that is named Narconon, realize that it's all bullshit and a scam run to introduce kids to Scientology at a young age.

Years back when I was in junior high, our Health class had speakers from an anti-drug Narconon group come to class.  In this talk, they used an accepted anti-drug message to try and tell us blatant lies about drugs and sprinkle in gateway terms used in Scientology.  Throughout the talk, they would talk about Dianetics and tell us the bullshit that "drugs are stored in our fat".  They also tried to convince us that "when drugs are released from our fat that causes flashbacks", which is a complete lie.  These are flat out lies.  Oddly, there were casual mentions of the book, Dianetics and certain "principles".  Dianetics is a Scientology book.  This whole talk was nothing more than a grooming attempt into Scientology concepts to familiarize kids with the ideas at a young age, shrouding hidden terms in to an accepted anti-drug message. Their sneaky attempt at planting those thoughts (lies) in our heads so that we would be more accepting of them when we hear them later on in life. Trying to make a gateway into Scientology.

A big surprise to me was when I noticed at health fairs later on when I was in college and at street fairs, there would be anti-drug groups set up in tents with Dianetics books laid out.  Talking to them, they would sprinkle in the same things from my junior high school class in their conversation.  Their goal was to get people to pick up the Dianetics book, which is nothing more than Scientology indoctrination material masquerading as a self-help book.

Those Scientology guys are just an insidious operation to plant those ideas in your head so that when you hear them again after several years, you think "oh, yeah, I think I remember hearing that before, OK." And so that you are positively inclined to concepts that are mentioned and are associated with the ones you've already heard, being more amenable to Scientology. It's all about trying to indoctrinate people into that scam known as Scientology. Fucking bastards.

By the way, if you ever go to a chiropractor's office and you see Dianetics books and Scientology pamphlets laid out with no other reading material but those, leave quickly.

The name of the group is Narconon.  Beware if those bastards come to speak at your school or your kid's school.

Why YSK: The whole approach of Scientology to get people to join is to plant concepts associated with a positive and accepted message in people's heads time after time after time (over many years).  This is so that when people are grown up, they will be accepting of the concepts in Scientology, join their "church".  Once they have joined, then the church can siphon money from them as they pay thousands for higher levels of training.  

It's a total scam posing as a religion.
		-- u/OneLostOstrich, 18339 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK, if you travel to Canada, that we round all cash transactions to the closest 5 cents.

For example, if the total is $9.98 and you give the cashier a $10 bill, they won't give you 2 cents back, and if the transaction is $9.97, they'll give you 5 cents back. I'm a cashier in an area where we get a lot of tourists and people often expect us to give them pennies in change, but we don't since 2013. Legally, they're still a valid method of payment that you can use in banks, but no one really uses them and unless you go to a bank, cashiers won't have any to give you.

Note that transactions that aren't cash won't round the amount though, so $9.98 will remain $9.98 if you pay with debit, for instance.
		-- u/ahealthiersnack, 19441 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK, if you're from a colder climate, visiting southeast asia or any other tropical country, you need to shower twice a day to better cope with the humidity.

It always seemed like an obvious thing to me as a SE asian but I was surprised to learn many foreigners don't figure this out sooner. They'll complain so much about the heat, sweat buckets, hog the fans, "cool down" with iced drinks, but it doesn't occur to them to take a shower.

Why YSK: Sweat, dirt and oils from our body trap heat, and with humid weather it doesn't dry out as much as you're used to especially if you're from a colder climate, so it traps even more heat, leading to that sticky uncomfortable hot feeling. Plus us locals can smell if you're "unwashed" even from a few feet away so consider it as a courtesy to us as well. Lol.

-----

ETA: Sweat alone doesn't cool you down. It needs to evaporate first to take away the heat. Trapped sweat can even cause heat stroke. I know it sounds like BS - I was surprised to learn that too.

Also here's some more tips for when you're traveling to a humid country:

- If you're planning on being outside a lot, bring an umbrella. Most people who commute here always carry a small, dark-colored, foldable umbrella in their bags. It's common to see people use it as extra protection from the sun.

- Those small USB-rechargable fans are also pretty popular. In the philippines, you can buy them from almost any novelty store (eg Miniso, Mumuso), supermarkets, convenience stores, roadside and mall kiosks. There's also a version that's worn around the neck.

- Cooling powders are also great for when you want to freshen up on the go. It's a little harder here in the Philippines to find but you can try buying from drugstores -We usually buy them from lazada/shoppee (our version of amazon). We love "Snake brand" which I think is a Thai brand.

- Wet wipes are also great to have with you on the go to help with the stickiness. There are several cooling menthol kinds. You can also buy this from convenience stores.

- Wear sunscreeen and don't forget to reapply regularly throughout the day
		-- u/M00nstoneFlash, 11538 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK, if you're going camping/hiking with young children, avoid dressing them in camouflage or neutral colors.

Why YSK: Children go missing while camping or on nature outings often. Dressing them in camouflage will only hinder them from being found if they were to wind up lost. Bright colors are much easier to locate , and keeps the child safer around off road vehicles anf hunting activities.
		-- u/Wifeofwes, 15151 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK, using your turn signal isn't just courtesy and the law, it's necessary to communicate with other drivers.

If you need to get over, most people will let you... IF you use your signal.

Why won't they let you without it? Because they're not psychic and they don't know you need to get over.

Living in Dallas,  this is a pretty common occurrence,  but today I had the realization (after a man roadraged at me for missing his turn) he didn't understand that I was unaware of his need to get over!

USE YOUR BLINKER.  Not exactly when you're turning,  not exactly when you need to get over,  but well in advance.

EDIT: To all the people commenting "In (insert place), a blinker is seen as a challenge and people will speed up"

Two things. First,  okay. Let them. Move over behind them.

Second,  a blinker is a notification and not a request. If you gently but firmly begin to move over, MOST people will back off. Just make sure to give a friendly wave.

EDIT II: HOLY SMOKES,  platinum AND the front page of reddit? The internet points aren't real, but the dopamine sure is!
		-- u/James324285241990, 32645 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK- The 150 plus feet (45 meters) of space (and more) that truckers leave between themselves and another car on the highway is not for you to squeeze in between or use

Why YSK - 
It is called the “kill zone” and its supposed to act as a buffer zone between a car and the truck. Trucks when fully loaded (which is often) can take around two American football field lengths (600 feet or 182 meters) to slow to a complete stop even when applying full braking pressure. Leave that space alone. Use it ONLY briefly for immediate lane changes or briefly in emergency maneuvers, they need it to keep you safe

Edit: I’m not a trucker but I see many people complaining that truckers don’t always follow this rule. Ok great you noticed it, bad drivers come in all vehicles. The point is, do your best stay safe. Every situation is different but this is a general rule. 

You in your car, motorcycle, or SUV are gambling with your life, they aren’t. Call me crazy but I’d rather follow the rule that’s in the DMV drivers handbook than to play the blame game and lose my life and my ability to have an open casket funeral.
		-- u/food4lifevv, 32141 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK- There is a tool for everything. If the job you are doing seems too hard or taking too long, it might be because you are using the wrong tool.

Why YSK: Most people who aren't around tools don't know this, myself included. My husband has shown me stuff I didn't know even existed recently. I though you could throw any wrench or pliers on anything and it would work. I ended up stripping the bolt, breaking something or it would take a million times longer. I would then get myself in a bigger pickle.

Edit: Thank you kind redditors for the awards. I am honored!!!

Edit 2: There is a lot of good information in this post you guys posted.    And r/specializedtools is one of the coolest subs out there! If you like neat tools and that you would never thought of in million years existed.... its highly recommend it.
		-- u/K_J_W, 19256 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: "Etiquette says that gifts at work should flow downward, not upward"

Why YSK: Meaning if you give gifts they should be lateral or downward. IE to people that make roughly the same or less. No one should expect or be expected to give gifts to their boss or otherwise much more wealthy people.
		-- u/LocalChamp, 26821 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: "I'm Feeling Lucky" on Google Earth is an awesome feature that helps users to travel to random locations on our planet and learn new things about new attractions in different countries. If you are wondering which hidden gem you should visit next, then this feature is definitely for you!

Why YSK: With “I’m Feeling Lucky,” users will be taken somewhere among tens of thousands of notable tourist spots only with the click of a button by Google Earth. After having arrived at a point of interest, you can also open a Knowledge Card to learn more about the history and facts of that place and have a look at some of the pictures. Just discovered this feature and I am more than ecstatic to share it with you guys!
		-- u/desideria_dl, 23837 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: "Octopuses," "octopi," and "octopodes" are all acceptable pluralisations of "octopus." The only thing unacceptable is feeling the need to correct someone for using one of them.

Why YSK? When you correct people for using "octopuses," you not only look like a pedant, but the worst kind of pedant: a **wrong** pedant. 

While "octopi" is also acceptable as its plural form, "octopuses" needs no correction. Hell, even "octopodes" is fine and arguably more correct than "octopi," because of the word's Greek origin.

*edit for those saying I made this up: https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/the-many-plurals-of-octopus-octopi-octopuses-octopodes*

#*edit 2 for those arguing one of these is the right one and the other two are wrong: you're missing the entire point.*
		-- u/yomnmnm, 31204 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK: 'weary' means tired, 'wary' means concerned or hesitant.

Why YSK; I hear this being misused a lot and interpreted strictly they can mean the direct opposite. E.g. 'I'm weary of uncooked chicken' suggests you eat so much uncooked chicken it's  boring.
		-- u/VindoViper, 16290 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: A crash at 30mph is not twice as bad as 15mph, it's 4x as bad. Similarly, a crash at 60mph is 16x as bad. This is because kinetic energy is proportional to squared-velocity.

Why YSK: The dangers of speeding are worse than you might expect, and, on the same note, your odds at surviving a crash increase greatly at lower speeds.

This is because kinetic energy is proportional to velocity^2 . So, when you *double* your speed, you *quadruple* your kinetic energy.

When your car speeds up, it converts chemical energy (in the gas or battery) to kinetic energy. The car and your body gain kinetic energy. All that energy needs to go somewhere, be it heat (from braking) or permanent deformation of the body.

Generally, you want that deformation to be in the car, and not in you, and you want to slow down gradually.

Here's an example table that you can compare values with:

| Speed | Speed ^2|
|-|-|
| 0 | 0 |
| 5 | 25 |
| 10 | 100 |
| 15 | 225 |
| 20 | 400 |
| 25 | 625 |
| 30 | 900 |
| 35 | 1225 |
| 40 | 1600 |
| 45 | 2025 |
| 50 | 2500 |
| 55 | 3025 |
| 60 | 3600 |
| 65 | 4225 |
| 70 | 4900 |
| 75 | 5625 |
| 80 | 6400 |
| 85 | 7225 |
| 90 | 8100 |
| 95 | 9025 |

E.g. If you're on the highway, going 70mph instead of 85mph cuts your kinetic energy by about 1/3rd.

Of course, *how* you crash will impact how severe the crash is too, and at very high speeds, it's less a question of if you will "survive" and more "how fine of a mist your body will become".

See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinetic_energy
		-- u/gnulynnux, 14640 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: A flu shot isn't just for you. It protects people who can't get a flu shot.

Every year around this time, you see reminders to get your flu vaccine, and every year, a bunch of people don't do it, for one reason or another. "I never get the flu anyway." "The flu shot makes me sick, so why bother?" "It doesn't even work, so what's the point?"

The point is that in addition to protecting *you* against the most common strains of the flu each year, we need a critical mass of people to get vaccinated to prevent the flu from spreading at all, so people that *can't* get the vaccine - the very young, elderly, or immunocompromised - are protected, too. This is super important, since this is the group most likely to suffer serious complications if they get the flu, including death. 

[This is called "herd immunity," or "community immunity."](https://www.vaccines.gov/basics/protection/index.html) The point is that [if a high enough percentage of people are immune, there are too few susceptible people for the virus (that was a typo, thank you) to spread.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f5/Herd_immunity.svg/512px-Herd_immunity.svg.png) We've successfully done this with diseases like measles and mumps ([except where anti-vaccers have caused outbreaks](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2017/10/03/failure-to-vaccinate-is-likely-driver-of-u-s-measles-outbreaks-report-says/)). 

So YSK, get a flu shot, because it'll probably keep you from getting the flu, and grandma needs you to get the flu shot so *she* doesn't get the flu when you sneeze in the supermarket. Grandmas and newborns everywhere thank you.

**Edit:**

Just to clear up a few things.

The flu vaccine [varies in effectiveness](https://www.cdc.gov/flu/professionals/vaccination/effectiveness-studies.htm) from year to year, based on how well it matches the circulating strains of influenza, but generally goes a good job reducing your risk of becoming sick with the flu by 40-50%. Each year, the vaccine protects against three strains, and [a lot of work](https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/season/vaccine-selection.htm) goes in to determining which strains are most likely to be common. It isn't just guesswork.

That doesn't sound effective enough to want to get the vaccine? Here's a more important number: The CDC estimates there are about 20 to 30 THOUSAND flu-associated deaths a year, on average, mostly from secondary respiratory infections like pneumonia. But to see what a big deal the vaccine makes, we can compare a "good" year and a "bad" year. The "bad" year was 2004, when the vaccine was largely ineffective. There were about 45,000 flu-associated deaths that year. The "good" year, oddly enough, was 2009, the year H1N1 scared everyone, with about 15,000 deaths.

Why the difference? No vaccine in 2004, but a very effective vaccine and higher-than-normal vaccination rates in 2009. 

It works. Save lives. Get your flu shot.

**Edit #2:**

Via Vox: [Stop reading this headline and go get a flu shot](https://www.vox.com/2016/10/21/13344896/seriously-go-get-flu-shot)

Many of the points I've made, made much better, via one of the best (if not the best) healthcare journalists in the US. 
		-- u/DarwinZDF42, 17777 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK: A gun can still fire after you take out the magazine because, there can still be a shot in the chamber. This applies to real guns as well as airsoft/pellet guns.

Why YSK: This can be life-or death. A friend nearly shot my eye out with an airsoft pistol at point blank because he thought it wouldn't fire after he took out the magazine. If he would have made that mistake with a real gun, I'd be dead.

A gun is always loaded.
		-- u/[deleted], 12835 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: A simple fan is one of the most effective ways to keep mosquitos away. Entomologists from Michigan State University found that fan-generated wind greatly reduces mosquitoes and they recommend we use it in our backyards to protect ourselves and our pets.

Why YSK:  Mosquitos are very irritating and people try all kinds of tricks to keep them away.  This one actually works.

Just place a fan or two nearby outside and the mosquitos will mostly stay away as they can't fight the wind generated from the fan.  It works really well.

[https://lifehacker.com/keep-mosquitoes-away-with-a-fan-813282325](https://lifehacker.com/keep-mosquitoes-away-with-a-fan-813282325)
		-- u/grandlewis, 21538 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: A symptom of depression is pushing people away.

Why YSK: To help stop a friend’s depression becoming even worse.

If you have a friend who may be depressed, it’s natural for them to ignore texts and cancel plans. The golden rule is to never take it personally. Keep on trying. It’s no time to lose friends. Getting angry or thinking ‘well fuck them if they’re not making an effort’, is only helping the depression win. They’re not pushing you away, their depression is.
		-- u/HumanGravy, 17291 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: About the protection provided you under Tort Law

Why YSK: When you pay for something that involves risk, companies will typically give you a receipt/ticket telling you that you assume all the risk for the service being provided. For example, when you buy a ticket for a roller coaster ride, the back of the ticket will typically say something like ‘you assume any and all risk involved, you shall not hold the operator liable in case of accident, and you shall indemnify the owners of any and all responsibility whether or not caused by negligence’, etc. In some cases, they may make you sign a waiver saying you release them of all liability. However, in cases of negligence, you can still sue under Tort law regardless of whether you signed a waiver. Waivers do provide some degree of protection in specific cases but in general, the greater the negligence, the less protection a waiver provides and if it gross negligence, you will usually win when you sue.
		-- u/ARCT0MYS, 10687 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Add ‘outline.com/‘ before a url to bypass the paywall (this doesn’t work on every website, but it’s worth knowing). It can also be used to remove ads and only show the main text/images of a webpage

Why YSK: trying to debug code / find new information becomes painful when you have to sign up to every website to see the information. It is also helpful to ignore inappropriate or click-baity ads
		-- u/Brentobot, 14380 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Adopting a child is not like getting approved to adopt a puppy. It's a long and often heartbreaking process, and flippantly suggesting that someone 'just adopt' shows ignorance of that fact.

Why YSK: When I was younger, I really wasn't aware of this myself and so can't blame others for not being aware. But I've now seen friends go through the process, and looked into it myself (I've been interested for a long time in foster/adopting when my kids get older). I've also spent a good bit of time reading people's experiences here on reddit. An awful lot of people have this misconception that adoption is an easy default backup plan.

Adoption is a tough process. If you want a baby, odds are you've already been through the heartbreak of infertility. You have to go through education and approval, often pay a lot of money, and then still have a substantial risk of the birth parent backing out or worse, deciding they want the baby back after you've taken it home. (I can only imagine how awful that is). If you want to adopt non-infants, these aren't kids coming from pristine backgrounds here. They are almost always going to have special needs or mental baggage to work through; they may grow up and reject you and go back to their birth family. When you foster you have to accept that the kids are coming to you from bad situations (and sometimes from other bad foster homes), that you don't get to keep them forever, and that the real goal is to reunite them with the parent who lost them in the first place. 

It's not easy or pretty, and it's important to recognize that this isn't for everyone. Me, I'm mentally torn on whether it's even for me, and I always had said I was open to adoption.
		-- u/on_island_time, 23706 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK: Adult Swim has made Samurai Jack free to watch on their website

[Here ya go](http://www.adultswim.com/videos/samurai-jack/i)

(Use a VPN for the USA if it's not working)

Thank you u/ty_chumba :)
		-- u/SmellyTomatoe, 14233 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Alcohol can dramatically impact your lifespan with even slightly-excessive drinking (10-15 beverages weekly) shortening life by one to two years

**Why YSK:** According to research: 

* people diagnosed with alcohol use disorder see lifespans decrease by up to 28 years
* Even slightly-excessive drinking, or roughly 10-15 alcoholic beverages per week, could shorten a drinker’s life by one to two years
* Just a few more weekly drinks (18) can knock off four to five years

Contrary to studies showing beneficial effects of alcohol or net-zero impact on lifespan, alcohol appears to speed up telomere shortening. Telomeres are endpieces, or caps, of DNA on your chromosomes that protect the chromosome from damage. Telomeres naturally shorten with age, so preventing shortening or damage to telomeres should be a focus.

Source: [https://spannr.com/articles/alcohols-effect-on-longevity](https://spannr.com/articles/alcohols-effect-on-longevity)
		-- u/deeeel, 21405 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK: All "Name A Star" or "Buy A Star" companies offering you to name a celestial body are a scam.

Why YSK: Only the International Astronomical Union (IAU) has the authority of naming stars. They address it here:  https://www.iau.org/public/themes/buying_star_names/

All you're buying is an entry in a private database but the name you gave will not appear in any official database used by scientists.
		-- u/Antouziast, 15875 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Aluminum is not an ingredient in deodorants

Why YSK: Deodorant and antiperspirant are two different things. Antiperspirants usually contain aluminum as an ingredient. Deodorants, for the most part, do not. I’m seeing people buy the more expensive brand of deodorant, because the label says it’s aluminum free. Aluminum was never an ingredient in deodorant to begin with, don’t pay extra for “Aluminum free” deodorant. If anything, pay extra for the Aluminum free antiperspirants. 

[source](https://www.goodhousekeeping.com/beauty/anti-aging/a37272089/is-deodorant-aluminum-bad-for-you/)

[source2](https://www.healthline.com/health/what-to-know-about-aluminum-in-deodorant)

Edit: Here’s what I’ve learned since posting this….Aluminum free antiperspirant doesn’t exist on the market, because the FDA says you can’t call it an antiperspirant without aluminum(pretty stupid IMO because there are other ways to reduce sweating). So best bet here, is to do research on the product, and see if they have an alternative way to block sweating, but even IF they have an alternative way, they cannot call it an antiperspirant on the market due to the FDA. 

[Edit Source](https://www.ejisinc.com/blogs/news/best-aluminum-free-antiperspirants)

[FDA subpart B](https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfcfr/CFRSearch.cfm?CFRPart=350amp;amp;showFR=1)
		-- u/andreezy93, 13173 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Always have a mechanic YOU trust inspect a used car before buying, even if buying a "fully certified" car from a dealer. A professional inspection will provide an important extra level of insurance that you're not buying a pack of trouble.

Why YSK: Problems that can be spotted by a complete professional inspection, which includes putting the car up on a lift, include: frame damage, damage to wires or insulation caused by animals, poor previous repair work, flood or fire damage, hidden rust, fluid leaks, burned-out bulbs, nonfunctioning accessories, suspicious odours and overdue maintenance procedures.

Source: [Inspect That Used Car Before Buying](https://www.edmunds.com/car-buying/inspect-that-used-car-before-buying.html)
		-- u/248_RPA, 12779 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Always practice defensive driving. It doesn't matter if the other person was 100% at fault if you crash/get injured

Probably at least a third of all dashcam videos posted to /r/idiotsincars that involve a near-miss or crash could have been prevented if people had practiced defensive driving. As a note, defensive driving is not only following all road rules, but also accounting for the fact that other people are likely not going to follow them. While you can't prevent every accident, you can prevent a number of common accidents. As the common phrase goes, the cemetery is full of people who had the right-of-way.

Some defensive driving tips:

* Before proceeding when the traffic light turns green, look both ways to make sure nobody is trying to run a red, even if it means waiting a full second after it turns green. When going through signals, if you can safely do so, try to at least glance at both directions to make sure nobody is approaching (this may not always be possible due to traffic or blind-spot reasons - your number one priority is keeping an eye on traffic and conditions on your roadway)

* Even though maintaining recommended car spacing is nearly impossible in major cities during rush hour (due to the fact that other people will simply cut in front of you), you should at the absolute very least try to maintain 2 car lengths if you cannot maintain a recommended one car length per 10 mph. You should NEVER under any circumstance tailgate someone for three reasons. One, you never know if someone will need to abruptly stop, and you are likely to cause an accident. Two, you increase the odds of being involved in a road rage incident. Three, you are actively contributing to traffic. Research has shown that irresponsible driving behaviors like tailgating cause phantom traffic jams as people need to overcompensate for slow downs to prevent collisions. 

* You should never go out of your way to screw someone over, even if they are blatantly breaking road rules. While you are in no obligation to let someone cut in who is trying to skip the line, you should also not go out of your way to block them in if they are forcing a maneuver. If someone is tailgating you, move over and let them pass, even if they are being incredibly irresponsible. People who have no respect for traffic laws probably have no respect for you either, and often lack the foresight or emotional control to not do something that will land them in prison. Swallow your pride and worry about your car and its safety, and not whether other people are getting their just desserts. Even though justice boners are rarely served, let the cops sort it out, and don't try to be a vigilante.

* You have to drive slower when there is rain, wet roads, and especially snow. This is ESPECIALLY critical if you are in a region that rarely receives rain or snow. Other people are not accustomed to driving in these conditions and are likely to spin out or skid. Even if you are experienced in driving in these conditions, other people are not, and you should always assume other people are going to mess up. Also, be mindful that older roads often do not have the same drainage/slope engineering of newer roads along with the fact that they may be degraded. They are more likely to have issues with ponding which is prime territory for hydroplaning.

* As soon as you detect something that may cause issues down the road, you should start to gradually slow down. Waiting until a point in which you have to slam on your breaks may result in you spinning out or not having enough time to stop. Worse yet, the person behind you may not be as good at stopping as you are. Even if you can stop in time, the person behind you may not be able to. Losing a few seconds to slowing down for nothing is much better than taking a chance and having to spend a day at the auto repair shop from being rear-ended. Gradually tapping your brakes can help alert a non-attentive driver behind you that something may be going on.

* Headlights should always be used not only at night, but also at Dusk and Dawn, as well as any time it is raining, storming, snowing, foggy or otherwise if viewing conditions are worsened. Its often not about you being able to see better, but other people being able to see you better. You don't want to T-Bone someone who thought it was safe to cross the intersection because they didn't see your lights, even if it was 100% their fault that they didn't have the right-of-way. Only use your brights if there is no fog and there are no other drivers around you (mainly on low-traffic country roads with no lighting). Using your brights may temporarily blind other drivers increasing the chance they may crash into you or something else.

* Stay away from erratic drivers if you can. Erratic behaviors include: swerving, irregularly going from fast to slow on a steady stretch of highway, driving irregularly slowly for a major roadway, unusual lane changes, or poor car maintenance. Either pass them and go on ahead, or let them pass you and go up ahead. Generally I like to stay away from trucks too as they can obstruct vision and take significantly longer than cars to stop (not to mention if there is an accident they will probably be fine while you are a pancake). It can be worth it to briefly speed if it means getting away from a high-risk vehicle.

* There are countless other things you can do to reduce your risks as a driver, but I can't list everything here. Generally, assuming other drivers will mess up and building that into your driving will help you prevent accidents.
		-- u/papperonni, 19697 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Always remove the cotton that comes inside your pill bottles. It can draw in moisture and is only meant to be there during shipment.

Why YSK: All medicine expires, but it will expire sooner if you don’t take the cotton ball out. A lot of people keep the cotton inside to prevent pills from rattling around, but you should know it can be detrimental. 

https://medlineplus.gov/ency/patientinstructions/000534.htm
		-- u/1saltymf, 10663 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Amazon shoppers can easily request plastic-free packaging on all of their order.

You just have to do the following:

1. Open your Amazon account

2. Select ‘Help' from the main selection bar

3. Select 'Contact Us' under ’Need more help?’

4. Start a Chat

5. Request all future orders as plastic-free with minimal packaging and when necessary use only degradable packaging materials like paper.
		-- u/Klimtonite, 20509 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Anyone can have an abortion pill mailed to them.

Why YSK: You don’t need a clinic. You can take care of yourself safely and anonymously [HERES A LINK](https://nwhn.org/safe-online-delivered-how-to-get-the-abortion-pill-by-mail/) Please share this openly and often. The pill can be taken up until the 10th week of pregnancy.

Edit: I am humbled and nearly moved to tears to see so much concern and compassion here. Thank you all for being good people and PLEASE do your best to make this common knowledge!!! Gotta look out for each other!
		-- u/IdgyThreadgoode, 32155 upvotes, 0.82 ratio.
%
YSK: Apple Music deletes your original songs and replaces them with Apple-protected versions

Why YSK: I recently made the mistake of allowing Apple Music to sync with my old iTunes library, which was full of mp3s and ripped CDs from over 10 years ago (aka my rightful files). After syncing the library so I could have my iTunes songs on my phone, I started noticing that some of them are no longer explicit versions and some are just plain missing from their folders. 

In an attempt to save effort, Apple Music may replace your files with their own stored versions that are not necessarily identical to the ones you have. These files are protected and are not really "your" property anymore. And in some cases, if there's any lapse in payment or something on their end messes up, you might lose your files forever. Like I did. I now have hundreds of songs missing and unrecoverable. Thought I would put this out there to save someone else some pain.
		-- u/evilerutis, 35384 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: As long as the meat came up to temperature (165 deg F), pink turkey meat - even with pink runoff near the bone - is safe to eat according to the USDA

Why YSK: Avoid a potential fight and / or sending the turkey back into the oven. Source: https://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/wcm/connect/d177e22b-0799-491b-88ff-d3ecc18f09f2/Is_PInk_Turkey_Meat_Safe.pdf?MOD=AJPERES
		-- u/[deleted], 13567 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: As the driver of a motor vehicle, you are not being “nice” or “helpful” when you disregard conventional traffic flow to let someone go, you are creating traffic at best and causing accidents at worst.

Why YSK: Because conventional traffic rules and “best-practices” are there for a reason. They reduce congestion on the road and more importantly they allow, to some degree, predictability of other drivers.

What triggered me to post this today?
It’s snowing/rainy today where I live. I was on my way to pick up some lunch, and the genius in front of me decided to come to a dead stop (from the road’s speed limit) in the middle of an intersection while we had a green light, to let the guy waiting on the other side of the intersection take his left hand turn. WTF? I almost rear-ended the guy.

Don’t be that guy/girl. It’s only a matter of time before you cause an accident.

Of course, sometimes it can be nice to stop if traffic is already slow and you are letting someone get in. I am obviously talking about the egregious scenarios like above.

TL;DR
Don’t stop traffic when you have right of way to let someone take their turn 30 seconds earlier. You are doing more harm than good.
		-- u/Null-Encryption, 22692 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Automated temperature scanners are practically tablets. They record video and audio that can be monitored live or saved.

Why YSK: Practically be mindful of what you say or do around them. Also, even if the screen is turn off the camera and microphone are still operational.

Edit: A lot of people are pointing out your phone can do the same. I just wanted to emphasize in this post that this device can do this things on a internal level as in the people in the IT/security departments can access the footage.
		-- u/[deleted], 14478 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Babies do not shiver when they are cold. If you see a baby shivering it needs to be fed immediately because it probably has an extremely low blood sugar.

Babies have a major problem with thermoregulation (keeping a normal temperature). Because of this, many people think that when a baby starts to shiver it is cold. That's not true. If your intervention is to try to warm the baby it will more than likely die of hypoglycemia (low blood sugar). Keep this in mind and it could save a baby's life. 

TLDR: don't try to warm a baby up when it shivers, feed it instead. 

Realizing the magnitude of this post, I must state that this is not a common occurrence. It will likely never happen to your child. There is no need to be frightened as a parent. I was just trying to be helpful. 

Edit 1: Source 1: http://www.stanfordchildrens.org/en/topic/default?id=hypoglycemia-in-the-newborn-90-P01961 (shows signs of hypoglycemia including 'jitteriness, which is often confused as shivering.)

edit 2: better source 2: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3726172/ (shows baby's do not shiver to regulate body temperature, I know this study is done on adults but it has great information on non shivering thermogenesis)
Source 3: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2446425/  (More great info on brown adipose tissue - the main source of thermoregulation in neonates)
Source 4: not scholarly but relates the sources above.  http://www.sciengist.com/newborn-human-babies-cant-shiver-thats-why-they-have-brown-fat/

edit 3: I probably should have said newborns or neonates instead of babies, basically this applies to those in their first months of life. 
Also, there is more than 1 reason for a newborn to have what seems like a 'shiver,' however low blood sugar will be the case almost all of the time 

edit 4: Added Another source on brown adipose tissue (the main form of neonatal thermoregulation) 

edit 5: cleaned up source list, replaced sources with others that stated the point more clearly.

final edit: Read the sources guys, they aren't stating my point word for word, I recognize that. If you do not believe me for some reason then just google "do babies shiver."  I just wanted my sources to come from scholarly articles. 

		-- u/egrocket, 27739 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Brandon Sanderson, as well as being one of the foremost Fantasy writers today, moonlights as a college professor. He has posted all his lectures for free online. Any hobbyist or aspiring writer could learn a lot from him.

Brandon Sanderson (Way of Kings, Mistborn, Steelheart) apparently likes to take time off from writing a fantasty epic every 6 months to teach college students. 

Link to the first lesson here:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6HOdHEeosclist=PLSH\_xM-KC3Zv-79sVZTTj-YA6IAqh8qeQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6HOdHEeosclist=PLSH_xM-KC3Zv-79sVZTTj-YA6IAqh8qeQ)
		-- u/technically-at-work, 36155 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: By merging before the end of the merge lane you are effectively backing up traffic by approximately 40%

Why YSK: Many drivers seem to think it’s a good idea to merge way before a double lane turns to one. This disregards the efficient zipper merge formation and backs up traffic up by not utilizing the whole of the lane.

Zipper merge: 

“Put simply, drivers use both lanes fully to the point of closure (or defined merge area), then alternate, zipper-like, into the open lane. The technique maximizes available road space, fostering fairness and courtesy when everyone abides by it. In fact, research shows it can reduce congestion by as much as 40 percent.”

https://amainsider.com/zipper-merge/#:~:text=Put%20simply%2C%20drivers%20use%20both,as%20much%20as%2040%20percent.

EDIT: A lot of people have addressed post this as though it were talking about merging onto a highway at speeds of 100KM/h or 60M/H plus merging into high speed traffic when in fact it is directed more towards merging at lower speeds specifically when 2 lanes of traffic merge into one on smaller roadways…. Seems that this needed clarification. Drive safely. ✌️
		-- u/Elegant-Surprise-417, 18568 upvotes, 0.71 ratio.
%
YSK: Changing your stance on ideologies or major issues doesn't automatically make you a hypocrite - it means you've educated yourself further and changed your opinion based off this new information.

Why YSK: Many people are quick to call others hypocritical, or even feel like a hypocrite when their stance on an issue changes. However, this new opinion often follows some sort of event which causes the person to see things from a different perspective. This in turn makes them re-think their stance in a way which could cause them to hold a totally different opinion of what they previously held. So don't condemn someone as being a hypocrite for doing a 180 on their beliefs - they just better informed themselves.
		-- u/still_annie, 31790 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Chocolate Diamonds are a jewelry industry scam. Brown diamonds are the most common diamonds, and the "Chocolate Diamond" was marketed perfectly to sell something above its actual worth, since brown is an undesirable color

Link to just one source, there's a lot of info out there about this: http://jezebel.com/the-truth-about-chocolate-diamonds-5887100

It's actually kind of brilliant though the way they were able to market garbage to us as valuable lol. In all fairness though, some are actually worth something based on treatment and such, but all in all, they managed to take a worthless rock that was never able to sell, and market it so perfectly that it's now a desirable piece of jewelry. Admirable, but still something you should know about before purchasing
		-- u/DragonsTurnMeOn, 11302 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Christmas Day is exactly six weeks or in most cases three pay checks away from today

Start your planning wisely!
		-- u/[deleted], 20031 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Cigarettes make up more than one-third—nearly 38 percent—of all collected litter. Disposing of cigarettes on the ground or out of a car is so common that 75 percent of smokers report doing it.

Why YSK: Cigarettes are not biodegradable and the litter is harmful to our environment, not to mention awful to look at.

https://truthinitiative.org/research-resources/harmful-effects-tobacco/5-ways-cigarette-litter-impacts-environment#:~:text=How%20much%20litter%20is%20from,percent%E2%80%94of%20all%20collected%20litter.text=All%20these%20cigarette%20butts%20cost,million%20on%20cigarette%20clean%2Dup.
		-- u/kodiakbear_, 23625 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Community College tuition is free for your first two years in Michigan if you were a Frontline worker who worked from April 1st to June 30th.

Why YSK: It is literally a free associate's degree. 

https://www.michigan.gov/frontliners/
		-- u/Kasrkin21524, 14237 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Dating files using YYYYMMDD format will keep them in chronological order, leading to better file management

Why YSK: This is especially useful when you need to save multiple versions of a file over time and can quickly reference the date from the file name instead of “date modified” or “date created”. For example, if I save a file today, I would name it “Example Text 20211203”. If I needed to save a new version in the same day, it would be “Example Text 20211203v2”.

Putting the date at the end instead of the front allows your files to be sorted alphabeticallygt;chronologically. Putting the date at the front will sort your files chronologicallygt;alphabetically.

Edit 2021-12-04-0041: Wow, this really blew up. Here are some common comments/questions.

Adding hyphens or underscores can improve readability (e.g., “Example Text 2021-12-03v001”)

For those asking why label the file name with the date and why not just sort by “date created” or “date modified”, if you send a file to someone and they save it, its “date created” will be as when they save it, not the file’s actual creation date.

If you’re going to have more than 9 versions, you would want to put a zero in front (e.g., v02 or even v001 if you know you’ll be creating 100+ versions) to keep versions in order.

Edit 2021-12-04-1221: I had to turn off notifications last night because they were flooding in lol. But holy shit over 21k upvotes, and thank you stranger for the gold. I’m happy to have started this discussion whether it’s obvious to some as it’s also an eye opener to those that may not have a standard formatting scheme or could improve their system. Happy formatting, everyone!
		-- u/Dalferious, 26686 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Deer and rabbits "park" their babies and spend most of the day away from them. If you find a baby all alone, it is almost definitely not abandoned. DON'T bring it somewhere to 'save' it unless it's in immediate danger - you're probably just kidnapping it from its mom.

This has happened way too many times at our local wildlife rescue. People find baby deer or rabbits with no parents nearby and think they're abandoned, so they bring them in to try to "save them". In reality they're just forcibly separating the animal from its mother and greatly reducing its survival chances.

Infant rabbits without their mothers don't do well. Even in professional care settings, they have about a 90% mortality rate. Taking them away from the nest should be a last resort, only when death is guarenteed otherwise.

Edit: Also, PLEASE DO NOT TRY TO TAKE CARE OF A WILD ANIMAL BY YOURSELF! Baby wildlife relies on species-specific milk from its mom, it will usually starve if you don't know what you're doing. We have to keep 4-5 differently mixed formulas to make sure every species is getting fed what it needs. If you keep it for more than a few days, it will become accustomed to humans and that will DESTROY its survival chances. Also, with many animals, it's often illegal! Please call your local wildlife center (or any, really) if you're considering saving a baby animal and double check with them.
		-- u/2SP00KY4ME, 47980 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Do NOT Feed Table Food to Pets when you’re a Guest at Someone’s Home

Why YSK: no matter how much the animal is begging or how much you’re trying to get in it’s good graces, under no circumstances should you give table food to someone else’s pet unless they have explicitly said it’s ok. 

I have two dogs and one of them has a severe heart murmur. You’d never know by looking at him because he’s full of energy and is so playful but if he eats anything with too much sodium, I’ll be in urgent care that evening. If you were the one who fed him the tater chips after I asked you not to best believe I’ll send you the bill in the mail.  

Also you don’t know what kind of bad behaviors pet owners are trying to correct and by feeding from the table you could be interrupting that training. 

Just don’t do it.

EDIT: so this blew up in a wild way. It’s interesting that the comments are half “my relative/roommate does this and it drives me crazy” and half “this should be common sense.” You know what they say about common sense: “people are fucking morons and not a lot of them have common sense”😉

Also I’ll add that I’m lucky to have dogs that don’t beg and I too hate when owners don’t recognize that this may make guests uncomfortable. The reason people wanna feed my guys is that they’re really fucking cute.
		-- u/closingsummary, 34900 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK: Dollar store pregnancy tests are just as effective as drug store tests.

Manufacturing standards are the same across the board. 

Why ysk: $1 vs $10 to $15.
		-- u/FemaleNurse, 30146 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Domestic Violence in a relationship does not have to become violent in order to be abuse.

YSK: Domestic Violence does not mean that you have to be hit in order to be abused.

Why YSK is that the psychological/emotional abuse will last longer than any bruise. Most relationships that end up becoming physically violent have a build up that includes name calling, threats, social isolation, control, and manipulation of finances and children. A typical cycle of Domestic violence begins with
1. Tension building- you feel like you are walking on egg shells. Waiting for something to happen. 
2. Event- this is the big outburst/violence which makes you think “I can’t take this anymore. I have to leave.”
3. Honeymoon phase- the abuser is apologetic and promises to never do it again. Tries to shower you with affection/attention and wins you back.  

Then it starts all over again with the tension phase becoming longer, event being bigger, and the honeymoon phase becoming shorter.
		-- u/RealLeeSD, 16868 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Down commands (sit, stay, lay down) are by far the most important things you can teach a dog and should be prioritized above all else

Why YSK: as adorable and intelligent dogs can be, they can really only learn from experience and tend to be REALLY bad at assessing when a situation is dangerous. To them, that shard of broken glass is just a shiny piece of gravel and a busy roadway is just an even bigger sidewalk. 

These might not be as flashy as shaking hands or barking on command, but learning to stay exactly where they are when you need them to can be the difference between life and death and should be the absolute first thing you teach them.
		-- u/elegantportmanteau, 19412 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Essential oils are called that because they are the "essence" of a plant, NOT because they are "essential" to human health

From [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essential_oil):
 &gt; An oil is "essential" in the sense that it contains the "essence of" the plant's fragrance—the characteristic fragrance of the plant from which it is derived. The term essential used here does not mean indispensable as with the terms essential amino acid or essential fatty acid which are so called since they are nutritionally required by a given living organism.

There are a lot of alternative medicine practitioners who deliberately take advantage of the misleading name "essential oils". While some essential oils do indeed have health benefits, most of them don't do anything at all and some of them [can actually be harmful](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essential_oil#Dangers).
		-- u/blindcolumn, 14834 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK: Every Car Built from 2018 Onwards is REQUIRED to Have a Backup Camera -- It is not an extra feature

Why YSK: Since May 2018, all newly-built cars sold in the United States are required to have a backup camera and video display for the camera. Many car dealers, both used and new, will advertise the backup camera as some kind of added luxury or special option and try to charge you more for it. Don't bite the bait and understand that it is 100% a legal mandate to have it, like seat belts or air bags.
		-- u/[deleted], 58220 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Excessive thinking about negative feelings and mental health conditions such as depression is called ruminating and it might be why we feel stuck and hopeless.

Why YSK: Persistent rumination can amplify the symptoms of some existing mental health conditions such as depression. 

 An endless loop of negative thoughts about our current suffering, which in turn creates even more suffering.
Conversely, by controlling our rumination we can [ease](https://www.healthline.com/health/how-to-stop-ruminating) our mental suffering and deal with conditions better.

Separating the ACTUAL negative feelings from ruminating thoughts is essential in Rumination Focused Cognitive Behavior Therapy (RFCBT).

RFCBT was developed by professor Edward R. Watkins and his colleagues and it is showing promising results in helping people escape that mental loop.

[While standard Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) focuses on the CONTENTS of the dysfunctional thoughts, Rumination Focused Cognitive Behavior Therapy (RFCBT) focuses on modifying the THINKING PROCESS regarding those dysfunctional thoughts.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4532251/)

I know depression or any other mental health conditions can feel overwhelming with no hope in sight, but understanding how the mind works might help.
If you are currently suffering, please seek professional help and remember:

You are not your thoughts.

With love.
		-- u/Lethal_Dose_honey, 35503 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Extreme fatigue and depression can be caused by food intolerances.

Why YSK: Lots of people will go years feeling depressed and tired all the time, but since it's hard to diagnose until it shows up as GI issues later in life, doctors may not be able to tell you that's it's a food intolerance. I went YEARS constantly tired, angry, and depressed before I figured out I can't have gluten. It's not well researched or understood at this point, so many doctors won't even suggest it as a possibility for the aforementioned symptoms. Its surprisingly easy to rule out an intolerance, just go a few days without eating a suspected food and then eat it again and see how you feel.

Sources and links: https://www.fedup.com.au/factsheets/symptom-factsheets/depression
https://foodtest.hu/en/food-intolerance-and-depression/
		-- u/bumbleknockintootin, 10730 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Facial scans, iris scans, and your fingerprints are not protected by the fifth amendment and therefore not secure.

The general rule of thumb (pun not intended) is that the fifth amendment protects what you *know*. It does not protect what *have* 

In short, if it's a physical thing that exists in reality, like your fingerprint, you can be compelled by a court to give that up. If it is information, something you know that only exists in your mind, you cannot be forced to give that information up (you can be held in contempt of court, but no technology exists that can extract information directly from your mind) 

Keep this in mind when purchasing and setting up a new phone. Sure someone can beat you with a pipe wrench and hope you crack and give them the information, but you can always choose not to divulge it to them. They can pin you down to a table and hold your hand or your face to your phone and unlock it, but nothing will ever be as secure as a password that only you know. 

"Why does this matter? I have nothing to hide". I would like to draw your attention to the 2004 Madrid subway bombings. During the investigation into the attacks, detectives found a partial fingerprint on a piece of the recovered bomb casing. This information was forwarded to INTERPOL and the FBI. When the FBI ran that print against their database, they found it matched with a lawyer in Portland, Oregon. The FBI arrested him, raided his home and his office, and charged him with a terrorist attack that killed hundreds. The thing is, this man was innocent. He had never once been to Madrid, let alone Spain. It turns out that there are more people on earth than unique fingerprints. This innocent lawyer in Portland was crucified by the FBI because he happened to be unlucky enough to have the same fingerprint as a Syrian born member of Al-Qaeda. the FBI sent expert after expert after expert to the stands to try to send this man away for life. It was only after the actual terrorist was caught that the FBI finally let the case go, but not before economically and socially ruining an innocent man's life. 

The thing is though, had they of not caught the real guy, they would never have given up the case against this innocent man. They would have gone through every message, every email, every scrap of paper, to try to build any connection, even circumstantial, that could convince a jury this man was a mass murderer. 

This could potentially happen to any of us. If you have months or years of every Google search, every message, every contact, every social media account, every geotag, every picture someome has taken, well you can find plenty of things to cherry pick to build any narrative you please. 

This is why you don't want the police in your phone, even if you have 'done nothing wrong'. They will never use that information to exonerate you, it will ALWAYS BE USED **AGAINST** YOU. Dont give them the chance. Don't use facial recognition. Don't use iris scans, don't use fingerprints. 

Encrypt your phone, and set a strong password. It could literally save your life one day.
		-- u/Scolopendra_Heros, 24110 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Firearm blanks are dangerous. Often portrayed as safe, blanks fired at very close range can burn, blind, deafen, or kill the person they're pointed at.

Treat all guns as if they are loaded all the time.
Always be aware of your backstop.
Don't point a gun at anyone you're not prepared to kill.
		-- u/ACrazyTopT, 11803 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Flood water is more than just rain. It contains sewage and chemical run-off that can make you sick or cause rashes.

Flood waters that are high enough to enter homes or impede traffic are usually high enough to have filled sewage systems. If businesses or factories or storage facilities have flooded then gasoline, cleaning chemicals, and production chemicals might have been washed away. If the flood affected areas with septic tanks there will be sewage and strong acids meant to dissolve the sewage.

Don't play in the rising water, and don't let your pets walk in it or drink it. Carry your children so they don't fall into it.

If you use a raft or flotation device for safety avoid paddling with your hands.

-----

EDIT: Here are some links that might be helpful for people dealing with flood waters.

[Occupational Safety and Health Administration](https://www.osha.gov/OshDoc/data_Hurricane_Facts/Bulletin2.pdf)

[Center for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/healthywater/emergency/extreme-weather/floods-standingwater.html)

[World Health Organization](http://www.who.int/hac/techguidance/ems/flood_cds/en/)

EDIT-2: [Here is a link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4s5u3tPJ2Bs) to an Australian Public Service Announcement video for people who are more visually inclined.
		-- u/[deleted], 25095 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Flushable wipes are NOT good/safe for your plumbing system. It is 100% a lie

Plumber here, yes it's true.

Unfortunately for consumers, marketers specialize in the one skill they share with lawyers and salespeople; lying.

Turns out there's actually no regulation on claims on package such as "Flushable Wipes" (Hell they're boldly advertised and displayed as such) or "World's Best Dildo" for that matter.

Why ysk: Wipes (or excessive TP, paper towels)... really anything **except** turds, moderate TP or severely eviscerated food waste via garburator... should NOT be flushed down any drains.

The rule most people I encounter prescribe is "out of sight out of mind"... which is a toxic mentality... often literally.

If your toilet drains real slow, that's more than often the reason.

Call a plumber to come snake your drain and immediately stop flushing wipes and other crap besides poop and TP.  Provided your plumbing doesn't suck, you should almost never get clogs or slow draining in a modern plumbing system. If it does suck, getting your piping redone correctly up to your main stack can drastically improve that.

Even if it doesn't clog your drains it makes it's way to the water treatment plant and can often clog and impede their pipes and equipment.

Instead, do what old age homes do in their lobby bathrooms: put little trashcans with secure lids with a bag under the sink or some out of the way location and change it often.

Or just get a bidet. Give your brown eyed monster the proper bath it needs.

EDIT: Thank you for the awards kind strangers!

EDIT 2: For all those asking for a bidet recommendation there is no one right answer. They are life changing but to get the bang for your buck you need to take some time to educate yourself on the different varieties and choose one that best suits you. Read reviews and try to find ones that are listed at multiple sites/stores. Start by googling 'types of bidets' do a bit of reading and go from there.

Also, if you're commenting "they technically ARE flushable they'll just cause a clog so it's not really a lie."

You aren't being clever. In fact, you're just defending dishonest manipulation of truth and in order to change the way things are marketed we need to stop defending like this.
		-- u/KragBru-, 15921 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Google has a setting allowing you to turn off ads relating to Alcohol or Gambling

Why YSK: I've found that ads on Youtube relating to gambling can be relentless. I don't gamble and never have but they're so frequent it manages to annoy me so I can't imagine what its like for people with addiction in this area. Google's AD settings now allow you to block ads that are alcohol or gambling related which will hopefully be of huge benefit to people that might be impacted by these.

**This can be done by:** 

1. Navigating to [https://adssettings.google.com/](https://adssettings.google.com/)
2. Scrolling to the bottom of the page under the header 'Ad Catagories on Youtube'
3. Click 'See Fewer' Next to Alcohol/Gambling
		-- u/PMmesomehappiness, 11700 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Google is surveilling you, even just while using Google Chrome.

Why YSK: Because your privacy matters, and you should not have your every action tracked and traded for ad revenue by corporations. The reason why Google's products are "free" is because your data is their product, sold to advertisers.

Read more here:

[https://www.forbes.com/sites/zakdoffman/2021/03/20/stop-using-google-chrome-on-apple-iphone-12-pro-max-ipad-and-macbook-pro/?sh=475b894e4d08](https://www.forbes.com/sites/zakdoffman/2021/03/20/stop-using-google-chrome-on-apple-iphone-12-pro-max-ipad-and-macbook-pro/?sh=475b894e4d08)

For simple alternatives, I recommend using Brave or DuckDuckGo. You can also manually configure Firefox with add-ons to remove most tracking.
		-- u/Neon-Predator, 21900 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Google maps has a feature that alerts you if a taxi driver goes off route

This is useful to avoid the common taxi scam where the driver takes a much longer route with many unnecessary turns. It only notifies you if the taxi driver takes a route, more than 500 meters away from the fastest route it found.

Edit: Here is [how](https://www.androidpolice.com/2019/10/21/google-maps-keeps-you-safe-by-alerting-you-if-your-taxi-goes-off-route/):
To get Maps to track your ride, look for navigation directions to your destination, and tap the Stay safer button in the menu at the bottom. You'll find the off-route alerts there. Enable them then start the navigation.

Edit 2:

[This feature saved me a lot of money today](https://www.reddit.com/r/instantkarma/comments/e2gh4o/taxi_driver_took_a_much_longer_route_than_we/?utm_medium=android_apputm_source=share)

Thanks to u/firemanjoe911 for finding the link.
		-- u/walkq, 28815 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Harvard university is offering 64 online courses FOR FREE on all different types of subjects!

[Here is the link for anyone interested!](https://online-learning.harvard.edu/catalog/free)
		-- u/elchago100, 34948 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: Having your dog stay overnight at a facility is stressful for them and packing them more than just their kibble really does help

Why YSK: I work at a dog daycare that also offers overnights and nothing is more discouraging than to open their "from home bag" and to see that their parent(s) only packed kibble. 
Of course we have tons and tons of blankets to make your dog comfortable - along with snuggles - but that doesn't make your dog less stressed out. Just packing your dog's favorite toy (plushie or a chew), some of their favorite treats, their at home blanket or something that smells like you (a worn t-shirt), really goes a long way to help them feel comfortable. This is especially hard for rescue dogs.

When they stay overnight for a while and the only thing that they recognize is their kibble, there's a good chance that they'll stay stressed out and stop eating as much. Maybe include some wet food with instructions for the handlers on when they should be given that or mixed with their food.

We do our best to make them comfortable, but if you have to overnight your dog for a longer period of time, please pack something extra for them. Spoil them!

Edit: I've read most of the comments so far and there are tons with great advice.

I should add that I work in a facility that specializes in dog daycare and offers enrolled dogs the opportunity to have overnights. In order for someone to have their dog stay overnight, the dog needs to attend daycare at least one day each week. 

These dogs are familiar with the facility, routine and the staff. We know their quirks and behavioral issues as well and we take that into consideration we setting up their sleeping space.

We also receive a very detailed care sheet that has been written by the parents. This includes things such as how much food to give, how many times they eat each day, medication, toy/blanket inventory etc.

We play soft music during the evening and we do also offer a kong for them as well. 

I should cleared that up to begin with. If you are looking to board a pet, always check with the facility or vet first! Due to current conditions with covid-19 and sanitary reasons, they may not accept additional items for your pet. 

Thanks for the comments and advise!
		-- u/goronbuds, 13623 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: How to cook with garlic. The tinier you mince garlic, the stronger the flavor. Slices will be less strong while a paste will be strongest. The more you cook it the more flavor will be lost.

Why YSK: I know so many people who always say “triple the recipe recommendation” for garlic. But then I see them just slicing garlic into millimeter slices in their recipe. Right.. found the problem. Most of the time the recipe is fine, you just have to prepare the garlic correctly in order to get the right amount of flavor you want. 

The way you chop and cook garlic affects the strength of the flavor in your dish. If you mince garlic you will release much more flavor compared to slices. A paste will be even stronger (you get a paste by mincing first and then smearing it on the cutting board using a knife repeatedly) 

Also, ~~cooking~~ sautéing/frying garlic less will retain more of its flavor. If your garlic is being sautéed until brown, you won’t taste it as much. If you want a strong flavor make sure you add it late and keep it white. Slow-cooking or roasting whole garlic heads is much different and that method of cooking garlic is not really what I’m talking about here. 

Edit: [Here](https://web.archive.org/web/20211228191159/https://www.recipetips.com/kitchen-tips/t--1263/all-about-garlic.asp) is a link about this topic. Scroll down for more detailed info and graphics on what I’m talking about in this post!

Edit2: link should be working now!
		-- u/1saltymf, 30305 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: How to properly administer an Epipen

Why YSK: It can save someones life and it’s a good health skill to have that will come in handy for someone else. I read in a post today about teachers who will not attempt to learn [how to do it](https://youtu.be/EN83hen4D-Y) correctly for fear of being sued and they would rather let the kids asphyxiate. So if you have kids or can influence small children, don’t be afraid to spread good information along!
		-- u/originalpersonplace, 10659 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: How to save cash to get out of a relationship with someone who is financially controlling you.

Why YSK: with someone who is controlling your finances leaving may seem impossible- this advice could help you save funds to help with leaving. 

If you need to save cash to get away from an abusive partner who has financial control- use grocery trips to put away money a little at a time. 

If your partner will not see/check the itemized receipt, just get cash back when checking out and save that cash somewhere safe. Bank statements will show the total grocery store bill without showing any cash was withdrawn. 

If your partner does check the itemized receipt, many stores now have free apps to clip digital coupons- my local store (giant) will give cash back for any digital coupons that did not properly come off during check out. Any coupons not “clipped” at least 30 minutes before a check out have to be manually paid out. 

I got $15 cash back from customer service today that will not show up on any receipt or bank statement. Thankfully this is not something I need to worry about , but I thought it may help someone in a difficult situation.

Edit: some comments are stating that cash back transactions show up on their bank statement. This is not the case for any banks I use- but please be aware this may not be the same everywhere. Of course, if you are trying to leave a bad situation please be sure your bank statements do not show cash back transactions.
		-- u/ew635331, 14893 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Huge, high-ranking universities like MIT and Stanford have hundreds of recorded lecture series on YouTube for free.

Why YSK: While learning is not as passive as just listening to lectures, I have found these resources invaluable in getting a better understanding of topics outside of my own fields of study.
		-- u/fluves, 24297 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Human beings are very susceptible to bias called 'affective forecasting', i.e. if you feel good now you think you will feel good in the future. If you feel bad now, you are likely to predict you will feel bad in the future. Emotional states are shorter than we expect.

Why YSK: There are a number of practical applications: 1) If you're in a bad place emotionally it's easy to predict that you will be in a bad state for much longer than you actually will. Remembering your susceptibility to the affective forecasting bias will help you get better perspective. Equally, if you're in a great mood you might make lots of plans based on how you feel in the moment only to find yourself exhausted later. Remember to check in and ask yourself if you'll have the energy.

Here's a wiki: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affective\_forecasting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affective_forecasting)
		-- u/sampebby, 13434 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK: If a nurse tells you that you’re entitled to a second opinion, we think you probably should.

If a nurse goes out of his or her way to tell you this, they either don’t like your doctor or don’t agree with him/her.   

We can’t tell you this outright, because it’s unethical (in some circumstances) and could get us in hot water.

Edit:  wow!  Never expected this to get so big. Thank you for all the awards.

It should be mentioned that any advice from any nurse or doctor should be taken with a grain of salt and with consideration of your relationship to that person.  It also depends on the setting you are in. 

A second opinion isn’t a bad thing and often times doesn’t mean the diagnosis is incorrect BUT sometimes there is more than one way to deal with things. (Treatment for cancer, surgical vs. medical management etc ).   Sometimes it’s just nice to have two docs saying the same thing, especially when it comes to significant issues. 

I merely wanted to point out that because of the broken system sometimes things aren’t as they seem.  Just know if you have reservations or concerns you have the right to address them.
		-- u/NewtonsFig, 47753 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: If someone commits a trivial mistake in their English, it’s not a big deal and doesn’t form the basis to invalidate their point

Why YSK: People often ridicule the grammatical or other mistakes in people’s English to invalidate their point. Chances are they noticed it too and simply don’t care. Their point still stands stall if it’s coherent enough, anyone going out of the way to comment on their mistake is either losing the argument or are too immature to engage in one.

It’s very common in the Indian subcontinent.

Edit: About time I made an edit to have my final say and leave. I personally love English and it's not even my mother tongue. It is, for me, the most beautiful language ever and I want to be as good at it as I can. I made this post because a lot of non-native speakers out there are *ridiculed* everyday for bad, incorrect English. While it is important to speak the language you're speaking as correctly as possible, for some it may not matter so much because they don't need it anywhere in their life. Also, one should always look for when is one helpfully correcting your mistakes so you may learn and appreciate them. Enough preaching. Over and out.
		-- u/[deleted], 24932 upvotes, 0.82 ratio.
%
YSK: If someone has a problem with a simple, obvious solution that they're aware of but not doing, don't tell them to just do the solution. The real problem is the underlying one that prevents them from doing it.

Nobody wants to have problems for no other reason than because having problems is fun. An alcoholic knows that they should just stop drinking, a hoarder knows they should just stop gathering stuff, someone who self-harms knows they should just stop cutting. These are obvious problems with obvious solutions.

Saying "why don't you just [stop the thing/not do that/stop having the problem]" isn't useful advice, and doesn't make the hearer value your opinion. The real problem is an underlying one, a psychological issue that drives them to a harmful behaviour in the first place. Telling someone to simply hide the visible symptom of an underlying issue isn't useful to anyone involved.
		-- u/[deleted], 23581 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: If someone uses an iPhone for their alarm you can call them and it will end the alarm.

Why YSK: You should know this because you never know when you’re going to be really tired and really annoyed by a housemate’s alarm.  

If someone’s alarm isn’t waking them up, call them, it will end the alarm. You can just call and immediately hang up and the alarm will stop.   

I would recommend using this sparingly as you don’t wanna be the reason someone is late but if you know something or someone else will wake them up later, I’d say go for it, after all, why should your sleep be interrupted just because they can’t turn off their alarm when they set it.
		-- u/Antique-Aardvark5807, 25732 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: If you accidentally delete all your work on a Google software (docs, sheets, etc) there's a way to easily recover your work

Why YSK: I have this problem a lot where I would accidentally wipe my document and return to docs home screen "permanently" erasing it.

If this has happened to you, just do this:

1. Go back to the document you wish to recover
2. At the top of the screen, next to the "Help" button, there's a clickable link that takes you to your version history (usually labelled "Last edit was on ///")
3. You should be able to view all the changes and edits you made every time you opened the document while giving you the option to restore that version.
		-- u/shupaoasado, 15341 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: If you are a California resident, you can access all of Coursera for free

**Edit:** [direct link to register for CA residents](https://c4b-integration.com/csl); **courtesy of** u/sf_d

**Edit Edit:** Apparently [New York](https://dol.ny.gov/online-learning-coursera) and [Iowa](https://www.iowaworkforcedevelopment.gov/iowaworks-begin-offering-grow-google-training-certificates-no-cost-help-job-seekers-fill-high-demand) offer similar programs as well! Thanks to u/Ravenseye and u/Padankadank for pointing these out :). TLDR - make sure to check out your local / state govt's resources even if you're not in California, you might just be surprised. 

Why YSK: Coursera is a one of the biggest providers of MOOC's (massive open online courses) out there, and has thousands of courses on a wide variety of topics from machine learning to mental health and wellbeing. It can prove invaluable for anyone wanting to switch careers, and while it's not necessarily a free ticket to a job, it comes pretty damn close to getting you one. You can see if your local public library offers this service [on this page](https://library.ca.gov/services/to-public/career-pathways/#map), and follow the directions particular to your local library.

I can't believe that I went this long without knowing this existed; I literally stumbled upon this in the comments section of an unrelated reddit post today lol. Hope this helps someone!
		-- u/stuffingmybrain, 11127 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: If you are a man and you consider yourself to be a “bad singer”, you likely don’t realize that you are a baritone or a bass and are trying to sing above your vocal range.

If you sing inside your vocal range, you’ll probably realize you’re better than you thought!
		-- u/kaganey, 17471 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: If you are at the beach and are being pulled by a current into deeper water, swim parallel to the beach to the right or left, toward the white caps of the breaking waves to free yourself from the riptide.

Why YSK: If you are caught by a rip current you could exhaust yourself fighting the current and trying to swim directly back to shore. Instead, swim parallel to the beach until you are released by the current. 

If you see an area of calm between waves, do not enter the water at this spot as the space without white caps indicates a dangerous riptide and you may not be able to escape being pulled into deeper water.

If you are caught by a rip current and can't swim to the side stay afloat and signal for help. Let the rip take you out the back until it stops. Then you'll be able to swim back to the beach an alternative way.

[How to identify, avoid and survive rip currents](https://www.surfertoday.com/surfing/how-to-avoid-and-survive-rip-currents)

EDITED: to change call the rip by its proper name. Rip currents are strong offshore flows and often occur when breaking waves push water up the beach face.
		-- u/248_RPA, 22346 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: If you are buying a used car, test drive it to the nearest auto-parts store to have it scanned for check engine light codes. Sellers can temporarily hide them to deceive you.

Not everyone is mechanically inclined enough to inspect cars but all major auto part stores (auto zone, advanced auto, o Reilly’s) all offer free scanners for you to borrow. YouTube how to do it and you could save yourself thousands. People who sell cars can be sketchy and are good are hiding previous damage or mechanical problems. Pro Tip: offer to meet at the sellers house/dealer and ask them to not start it because you want to do a “cold start” which is starting the engine right up after it’s been sitting. Lots of mechanical problems can ‘hide’ or ‘disappear’ once the engine is warmed up. Starting it cold gives you a much better idea as to how it’ll work when you bring it home the next day. Best of luck!
		-- u/SSIRHC, 37850 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you are having ongoing issues with mental health, you can take your guns into any gunsmith for a cleaning and they will hold them as long as you need as an unspoken courtesy.

Why ysk: there are a lot of people out there who own a gun but don't have anyone to give it to during times of crisis.
		-- u/VirindiPuppetDT, 17516 upvotes, 0.69 ratio.
%
YSK: If you are taking care of a loved one who is chronically ill or disabled there are programs that will pay you to become an unskilled caregiver

Why YSK: you shouldn't have to choose between making a living and taking care of your loved one. You don't need credentials or any type of certification to become an unskilled caregiver.

My grandma was diagnosed with lung cancer in January, and my grandpa's dementia has gotten so much worse as a result. Its come to the point where they need someone there to help out and take care of them just about 24/7. I quit my job in February so I can take care of them full time.

Naturally, I was worried about how I was gonna make my bills every month. I refuse to choose one or the other and I made that decision as soon as I committed to taking care of them. They went above and beyond as far as helping raise me when I was a kid. My mother struggled with drug addiction for most of her life and they took me on to raise when I was about 8 without any hesitation, even though they were both past 65 at that point. They provided me with the opportunity to be stable enough to go on and graduate high school. So honestly I feel honored to have this opportunity even if the situation is shitty. Its the least I can do.

So if you find yourself in a similar situation, just know that there are programs that will enable you to take care of your loved ones when they need you most without the possibility of becoming homeless in the process. Im sure the programs vary from state to state, Im in Texas and the program is through Medicaid.

Everyone should know about this.
		-- u/username11092, 14016 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK: If you can't afford to pay for mindfulness apps like Headspace or Calm, you can find *free*, evidence-based mental health and mindfulness apps that were developed by researchers at the US Department of Veterans Affairs for use by civilians and veterans alike.

Why YSK:

Times are tough, dudes, and we all need some help sometimes.  When you're in a place where you can't afford therapy, or need a little extra support between therapy appointments, mental health apps can help fill those gaps.

Not all mental health apps are legit, though, and outside of the most popular paid apps (e.g. Headspace  Calm), it can be hard to find something that's actually shown to be effective.

The VA has developed [a bunch of mental health apps](https://mobile.va.gov/appstore/mental-health) that are free to the general public.  Some were designed with veterans as the target audience, but some were designed to be used by anyone.

Some highlights are:

[Mindfulness Coach](https://mobile.va.gov/app/mindfulness-coach), which offers a self-guided mindfulness course and some recorded mindfulness exercises similar to what you can find on Headspace

[Insomnia Coach](https://mobile.va.gov/app/insomnia-coach), which walks you through a treatment program for insomnia and has features like guided imagery recordings

[MOVE Coach](https://mobile.va.gov/app/move-coach) which can help with weight loss and exercise in a guided program

\---

If you don't end up finding one you like through the VA, I highly recommend you check out [One Mind PsyberGuide](https://onemindpsyberguide.org/), which is a nonprofit site that has experts review mental health apps based on their credibility, effectiveness, and privacy settings.  There's some wonderful potential as far as apps go, but you don't want to waste your time on something that doesn't work or sells your private info.

Be well, friends!

[Source](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1077722918300233?casa_token=NEDuA9Iwhh0AAAAA:7nW3jLvBvOVhFAlhZ8st2O3D0GPH7XEe1-etDVtZhLCjQ6ZelE7iAXIImj-FNCxkCNM88xsSDpPB)

**Edit**:

I wanted to update this to compile some of the excellent other resources people have mentioned in the comments.  Thank you so much to everyone who's making suggestions, this is becoming a really informative collection of info!  And thanks for the awards, it's very kind of you all.

First of all, as u/ron-swonson shared, some public libraries are offering free subscriptions to some apps.  Go to your local library's site to see if they are offering anything!

Some insurance companies are also offering free subscriptions like Kaiser Permanente-- thanks u/FrankU_MajorityHwip and u/lipstick_junkiej!

Some of the most common suggestions are as follows.  I don't know much about many of these, but it's clear a lot of you have found them helpful.  (Sorry if I don't include your name or suggestion, there are a ton of comments to sift through!)

Insight timer:  "Tons of free guided meditation, meditation timer for your own sessions, groups, livestreams with meditation teachers, groups etc. " - u/NugPacino

Waking Up by Sam Harris: "the most comprehensive, thoughtful, and exceptionally managed mediation app on the market, in my opinion" u/tayezz

Balance: " also has a free year subscription!! I love their immersive meditations and Singles. I think they’ll have an Android version out in March so everyone can get a free year. " u/Alejandara

Woebot: " It runs through Facebook Messenger or as a separate app on your phone and guides you through cognitive behavioral therapy exercises. " u/IffySaiso

Smiling Mind: "Smiling mind is amazing! Their sleep meditations help me nod off every single night now, and for those who need some background sounds to fall asleep to, the optional music on each meditation is perfect." u/Charlotte805

Medito: " Highly recommend Medito that has a pledge to keep their app free for all. " u/mowpoos

Virtual Hope Box: " The Portland VA worked with The DOD on another one called [Virtual Hope Box](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/virtual-hope-box/id825099621) that was designed around suicide prevention.  My wife was pet of the study around efficacy, and I have used it myself. Great app and definitely should be included in this topic. " u/omnithorpe

		-- u/[deleted], 38627 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: If you can't open the login page for a public wifi, type 8.8.8.8 in the browser to force the login page to open

I struggled a lot with this when I try to get online an airport, at a coffee shop, or in a hotel / conference room. The correct wifi network is selected but the login never shows up. I found out recently that you can hit 8.8.8.8 in the browser and that'll force the login page to open.
		-- u/microtopian, 17489 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you desperately fear/avoid "harmless" things like asking people out, interviews, social situations, what people think about you, or just life in general, you may have uncontrolled and debilitating anxiety. Just as I did, please consider getting help, if only through prescribed medication.

tl;dr: (EDIT: Talk to you doctor about getting the help that's right for you, REGARDLESS of what that help is!! By "if only through prescribed medication", I mean "even if it is only through prescribed medication". Definitely not saying that's the only way!!)

&gt;**See your doctor if:**

&gt;**You feel like you're worrying too much and it's interfering with your work, relationships or other parts of your life**

&gt;**Your fear, worry or anxiety is upsetting to you and difficult to control**

&gt;You feel depressed, have trouble with alcohol or drug use, or have other mental health concerns along with anxiety

&gt;You think your anxiety could be linked to a physical health problem

&gt;You have suicidal thoughts or behaviors — if this is the case, seek emergency treatment immediately

&gt;-----

&gt;Your worries may not go away on their own, and they may get worse over time if you don't seek help. See your doctor or a mental health provider before your anxiety gets worse. It's easier to treat if you get help early.

https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/anxiety/symptoms-causes/syc-20350961

Why YSK: Your life could change for the better DRASTICALLY, as mine has. Imagine being chained down from doing anything other than what you already know to be as safe as possible day after day, and *even having that be difficult because of "what if?"*. Having to pull with all your might to attempt anything remotely new and scary, even if there's no logical reason why. It's no way to live.

Don't get me wrong--fear is important! It keeps us from immediately YOLOing ourselves into non-existence. "I want to feel like I'm flying!" *finds the nearest, highest place to jump off of and flap my arms uselessly*

But just like with all good things, fear's level can be set WAY too high. It's like a shell that's so thick and all-encompassing you can't feel or be close to anything or anyone, or being so engorged with life-giving water that you get sick or die.

If you feel your level of natural fear is just too high, reaching a point of uncontrolled and debilitating anxiety, please consider investigating if it truly is by talking to a doctor. There are treatment options, and they are *worth it* and they can **work.**

And most importantly of all: **A debilitatingly high level of anxiety is NOT YOUR FAULT.** YOU are NOT BROKEN or UNDESERVING. You **HAVE** broken arms, and you're trying to drive "just like those" whose arms aren't broken. Get your arms fixed first--you deserve it!!

On a personal note, for me, the endless cycle of self-improvey suggestions like "be yourself" and "just act confident" and "nothing she can say will hurt you" were NOT helpful. The only way I found relief, TRUE relief, was through medication. That's *my* story, though--and others many find help through other means. Your doctor will be able to help you find out which way works best! And dump any doctor who doesn't take you seriously--about this or anything else, especially pain. But that's just my personal opinion, too.

Some things I look back on that show how anxious I used to be literally all of my life:

-At Disneyland or a theme park as a child, I'd be much more focused on how our family would meet back up if anything went wrong than I would about having fun.

-I've never asked anyone out on a date IRL for fear of the "ew" brand of rejection. Thank God for online dating before I figured out the whole anxiety thing.

-Every negative comment I'd receive, especially IRL, would send me spiraling, worrying that I wasn't good enough or I was broken or wrong somehow, undeserving of love. "Why am I like this? Why is it *JUST ME?*" Likewise, every positive comment would be immediately and negatively explained away. "Oh they just don't know the true me enough."

-"I don't know what to do with my hands in social situations" hit me on a *spiritual level*.

-I "went with the flow" as if life was a video game. What life presented to me, I treated as what I should deal with. I almost never went out of my way searching for what *I* wanted, for fear of wanting the wrong things and regretting it. I even believed that I wouldn't "find my true love" if I didn't do the right things in life.

(Finally, and this is a(nother) personal opinion, but it's quite possible that a LOT of the fear-based problems we have as a society today stem directly from people with uncontrolled anxiety. Especially those in power, or those influenced by them. Then again, that could be my monkey brain trying to do pattern-recognition on something where there's no pattern.

...but I feel like a lot of the fear-mongering of the "other" would be severely reduced if so many people people were brought down from being on a more fearful level literally all the time.)
		-- u/[deleted], 16547 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: If you drop out of WiFi or Data coverage, most cellphones will work overtime to find a connection. Leaving WiFi or Data on can be a big drain on your battery as your phone pushes more power through its internal antenna trying to connect to a network.

Why YSK:  

I used to work in an office that had no data or wifi signal. I started to notice after the first few months working there, that my phone would always be at 20 - 30% battery by the end of the day, where before I would always have between 60  70% even while leaving my data on all day.

My co-workers said they had the same problem, and eventually we figured out it was our phones wasting battery trying to find a signal.
		-- u/KingSulley, 20981 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: If you ever want to get the pronunciation right when learning languages, singing along to songs in that language will help you a lot!

Why YSK: So when I was learning a new language, I had a really hard time with the pronunciation and accent but I discovered that singing along to songs helped me so freaking much! You automatically just start singing the song as the singer does and that will help you get your pronunciation right. It will help you get fluent and it's also a fun way to learn x

I really hope this helps someone like it helped me :))
		-- u/[deleted], 18858 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: If you feel like you are being followed on the road. Take 5 consecutive left (or right) turns.

Why YSK: If you are ever on the road and feel like the person behind you is following you and you are growing concerned. Take 5 consecutive left turns (or right if you’d prefer). If the car is still following you after you have done 5 consecutive turns you have basically done a full loop around the block and there is a very high chance that they infact are following you. 
You should drive straight to your local police/law enforcement agency or call emergency services.

Edit: A lot of people commenting that it should only be 4 turns. I was always told 5 as somebody could just be going around the block- but 5 turns will usually take you down a street you were just in.
		-- u/J-R-Hudson, 28089 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: If you feel you need therapy but can’t afford it, many places offer sliding-scale payment.

EDIT: I am continuing to add to the master list of links in the main post as I do more research. 

This is a comment I make frequently (US specific), so I thought I’d add it here. I’ve helped a number of strangers find sliding-scale places in their areas. My partner once went for free for two years because of his financial situation. I recently helped someone else find a good therapist in their area for $30 a session. 

So if you feel like you need help—depression, anxiety, grief, trauma, etc—but don’t think you can afford it, make sure that’s not the case. I’m happy to help anyone look into their options. 

Another great resource if you’re in the States is [NAMI](https://www.nami.org/Blogs/NAMI-Blog/September-2016/How-Texting-Can-Help-Save-a-Life). You can literally text them for resources in your area. 

Finally, we tend to treat the brain differently than other parts of the body. As I often say to my students who are struggling, if you had low blood sugar, would you yell at it to raise itself? A broken foot? Of course not. You’d go to the doctor. The same should apply to the brain. There is no shame in seeking help. I’m fact, I’d argue it’s courageous. 

Hugs to everyone who’s struggling.

Edit: many people are reaching out to me via message. I will do my best to help each and every one of you, but please be a little patient; the floodgates have opened. 

Also, I’m proud of every single person who has had the courage to reach out, is now seeking therapy, or is even thinking about therapy. Make yourself a priority. You’re worth it.

Edit #2: Y’all are amazing. Thank you to everyone for the awards.

Edit #3: my phone is about to die, and I need to rest for a while (I’m quite ill). But I will be back later on, so don’t hesitate to reach out.

Edit #4: I’m going to go cuddle my dog and shut my brain down for the night, but I’ll be back tomorrow to keep responding to DMs and comments. Rest well, y’all.

Edit #5: Lists I’ve put together for folks. Thought I’d add this in case anyone was afraid to reach out but lives in one of these areas. :

**General resource:**

Text NAMI, as they may be aware of resources I’m not. Still, this is a starting place. 

https://www.nami.org/Blogs/NAMI-Blog/September-2016/How-Texting-Can-Help-Save-a-Life

**Virtual:**

https://www.betterhelp.com

https://openpathcollective.org (I’m told this is the more affordable of the virtual options)

It’s worth noting that many places are doing virtual therapy because of covid. 

**San Antonio:**

https://www.freeclinics.com/cit/tx-san_antonio

**Houston:**

https://fullerlifefamilytherapy.org/houston-sliding-scale-therapy-agencies/

**Corpus Christi:**

https://www.opencounseling.com/texas/corpus-christi

**Palm Desert/Palm Springs/ La Quinta CA**

https://www.opencounseling.com/california/palm-desert

**Vancouver:**

https://www.advancedwellnesscounseling.com

**Los Angeles**

https://mylatherapy.com/about-my-la-therapy/sliding-scale-therapy/

https://wila.org

http://www.creativetherapyla.com/ss.html

**Puerto Rico**

https://www.needymeds.org/mental_clinics.taf?_function=stateamp;state=PR

**Brooklyn**

Kings County Hospital Center’s Behavioral Health Center offers therapy on a sliding scale from $15-20 a session. Keep in mind this is all subject to your financial situation, so call 718-245-2727 for more information on required paperwork. 

https://www.newpathwaysny.org

https://williamsburgtherapygroup.com

https://newdirectionsbrooklyn.com

https://jewishboard.org

**Nashville**

http://www.mindfultherapynashville.com

https://www.agapenashville.org/counseling

Finally, a list of resources: https://www.opencounseling.com/tennessee/nashville

**Denver**

https://www.mariadroste.org

https://denverfamilyinstitute.org

And a link to a list of other possibilities: 

http://www.jcmh.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Mental-Health-Tx-Low-Cost-and-Sliding-Scale.pdf

**Staten Island**

https://www.islandofhopecounseling.com

http://www.counselingstatenisland.com

http://www.listeningcarefullycounseling.com

**Brentwood, NY**

http://mhaw.org/programs/community-resource-directory/

http://www.hrhcare.org/healthcenters/brentwood/

**And nearby Levittown:**

https://yesccc.org/what-we-do

And if none of those work, give this database a try: https://openpathcollective.org/city/new-york/

**Knoxville**

https://www.knoxvillecounselingservices.com

https://www.cherokeehealth.com/about-us/who-we-serve

An awesome list: https://www.opencounseling.com/tennessee/knoxville

**Baltimore**

https://probonocounseling.org

https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/socialwork/medsurg/community/partb.html

A nice list: https://www.opencounseling.com/maryland/baltimore

Another helpful resource: https://211md.org/counseling

**Brookline and Boston, MA**

https://www.brooklinecenter.org

https://www.denovo.org/counseling/services

https://mariadrostecounseling.com

And a list of folks in Boston:

https://www.opencounseling.com/massachusetts/boston

**Indianapolis**

https://www.familiesfirstindiana.org/mental-health-counseling

http://www.legacy-house.org

A useful list: https://www.opencounseling.com/indiana/indianapolis

**Fort Wayne, IN**

https://www.headwaterscounseling.org

https://www.bowencenter.org

https://www.treatment-centers.net/directory/indiana/fort-wayne/counseling-services-and-consulting-llc.html (if substance abuse is part of the issue)

https://www.fwfmc.com

https://www.parkcenter.org

And a pdf list: https://acjc.us/wp-content/uploads/2017-Updated-Counseling-Agencies.pdf

**Florida Panhandle/Fort Walton area**

https://www.ppccfl.com

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/therapists/carol-r-murphy-fort-walton-beach-fl/203267

A list of folks who provide sliding scale: https://www.opencounseling.com/florida/fort-walton-beach

**Schenectady, NY**

https://www.opencounseling.com/new-york/schenectady

**Baton Rouge, LA**

https://www.opencounseling.com/louisiana/baton-rouge

https://ldh.la.gov/index.cfm/directory/detail/8546/catid/179

https://www.shchc.org/locations

https://fsgbr.org

https://www.grcbr.org

http://cosbr.net/contact/

https://daronda-parker-lathan.vsee.me/u/clinic

**Grand Rapids, Michigan**

http://grcounseling.com

https://www.mindfulcounselinggr.com

https://www.opencounseling.com/michigan/grand-rapids

http://www.eastowncounseling.com

https://www.michigan.gov/documents/cmh_8_1_02_37492_7.PDF

**Asheville, NC**

https://www.fullcirclewnc.org

http://allsoulscounseling.org

https://www.opencounseling.com/north-carolina/asheville

https://trueselfhealinggroup.com/lowfee-clinic

**Madison, WI**

https://samaritancounselingcenterwi.org/about/

https://www.opencounseling.com/wisconsin/madison

http://m.lakecitycounseling.com/?url=http://www%2Elakecitycounseling%2Ecom%2F#2811

**Ontario, Toronto, Ottawa, Hamilton**

https://www.affordabletherapytoronto.com

**West Palm Beach, FL**

https://namipbc.org/resource-links/
(Scroll down time counseling services, but this page has so many good links)

https://www.opencounseling.com/florida/west-palm-beach

https://www.ctrfam.org/individual-family-counseling/

**Sioux Falls, South Dakota**

https://burroughscounseling.com

https://sfpsychological.org/what-we-do/marriage-and-family-clinic/

https://www.helplinecenter.org/wp-content/uploads/HLCRD-Sioux-Falls-Mental-Health-Guide.pdf

**San Francisco, CA**

Golden Gate Integral Counseling Center
Phone: (415) 561-0230

https://www.marinacounseling.com

https://www.ciis.edu/counseling-and-acupuncture-clinics/integral-counseling-center-at-pierce-street

http://sfnewperspectives.org

https://www.accessinst.org

https://www.liberationinstitute.org

https://mindfulcenter.org

https://www.wellsanfrancisco.com/about/sliding-scale-therapy/

**Pueblo, CO**

https://www.health.solutions

**Philly!**

http://www.counselingphiladelphia.com

https://councilforrelationships.or

https://www.mazzonicenter.org

https://www.circlecounseling.com

https://abetterlifetherapy.com

https://www.turningleaftherapyservices.com

A nice list: https://generocity.org/philly/2018/06/27/mental-health-guide-where-to-get-therapy-on-a-sliding-scale-in-philadelphia/

And another: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.phillymag.com/be-well-philly/2020/04/30/virtual-therapy/%3famp=1

**Lancaster, PA**

https://cobys.org/counseling/

https://www.lauramorse.org

https://thewellcounselingandconsulting.com

https://lancasterpsychology.com

https://healingspacesbh.com

**Seattle**

https://www.antioch.edu/seattle/resources/

https://seattleanxiety.com

http://northwestfamilylife.org

https://www.sagetherapyseattle.com

https://aubree-irving-therapy.com

https://www.southseattlecounseling.com

https://mendseattle.com

https://bastyrcenter.org/services/counseling

And a list of resources: http://www.seattlecrisis.org/counseling.html

**Atlanta, GA**

https://mcsatlanta.org

http://samaritanatlanta.org

http://www.intownfamilytherapy.com

https://www.thelink.org

http://www.htwcc.org

http://www.atlanta-counseling.com/rates-and-fees

https://gahope.org

http://www.skylinecounselingatl.com/low-cost-services

**Fairbanks, Alaska**

https://www.opencounseling.com/alaska/fairbanks

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/therapists/lotus-family-counseling-llc-fairbanks-ak/294939

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/therapists/jennifer-hood-lpc-llc-fairbanks-ak/362052 (trauma specialist)

https://www.utherapy.net/contact/

http://www.graceinmotioncounseling.com

**Lehi, Utah**

https://whs.alpineschools.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/13/2016/11/Low-Cost-Mental-Health-Services-in-Utah-County.pdf

https://www.stevenjchen.com

**Salt Lake City, UT**

https://www.ucebt.com

https://www.opencounseling.com/utah/salt-lake-city

https://www.familycounselingcenterutah.com

http://www.whitneybarrellcounseling.com

https://www.amethystcenterforhealing.com

https://redwillowcounseling.com

**Tacoma, WA**

https://www.seamar.org/pierce-medical-tacoma.html

**Oakland, CA**

https://www.seeds-of-awareness.org

http://womenstherapy.org

http://blueoaktherapycenter.org

Nice long list of resources: https://sa.berkeley.edu/sites/default/files/Sliding%20Scale%20Psychotherapy%20Agencies2.pdf

Another list of resources: http://acphd.org/media/129900/mental_health_matrix.pdf

https://gratefulhearttherapy.org

https://lauranorthruppsychotherapy.com/sliding-scale-therapy-resources
		-- u/lisanik, 11363 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: If you find a wallet or a purse, you can drop it off at any U.S. post office box and they'll return it to the driver's license address free of charge

You don't always have to return it to the police station, you can easily walk to a near by post office box.
		-- u/Danel322, 12255 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: If you get an email from a "hacker" which displays your ACTUAL password as proof that you've been hacked, just ignore it.

There has been a sudden uptake of blackmail emails claiming to have hacked the recipient where they demand cash or they'll release compromising images/videos.

In the emails, the hacker claims to have hacked your device and used his new found privileges to record you while pleasuring yourself. To prove that he is legitimate, he tells you your ACTUAL password.

The hacker demands that you send cash to their bitcoin account or they'll send the compromising footage to your contacts list and your social media friends. They also threaten to publish all your private data (pics, documents, videos... etc) to the internet if you do not comply.

**These are all empty threats.**

What they do is find/buy stolen password lists from the dark-web and send these blackmail emails to the people on that list. The fact that they have a legit password is often enough to compel people into complacency.

If your stay on top of your internet security, you'll find the password they send is an old one that you already changed - but if the password they tell you is the same as one that you are currently using, please change it now, it means that your password is out there and anyone with a bit of tech knowledge can find it.
		-- u/InstantlyJobless, 50900 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: If you have a friend who doesn't like celebrating for their birthday it is not your job to "break their shell". If you really want to make them feel special and you're a close friend, plan a day alone with them and see what they say, anything more should always be planned with the person there.

Why YSK: Some people just don't like big celebrations with everyone staring and feeling obligated to say hi to everyone. It's very overwhelming especially for people on the spectrum. Try to always get said friends input on plans. Never surprise them with a grandiose gathering. Planning ahead and asking for permission will show a sense of understanding/empathy and win you some brownie points at least.
		-- u/worros, 41604 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: If you have an Android phone you can download the adblocker ublock origin when using Firefox Nightly.

Why YSK:

Ads are annoying and intrusive, especially on mobile devices. With Ublock origin you can browse the web without being bombarded with annoying ads or interfaces on your mobile device.
		-- u/MentalAdversity, 11613 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you live in a house you should do a walk-around whenever you get a hard rain

Why YSK: You aren't going to find issues like blocked gutters, poorly performing drains, bad grading, water pooling at the foundation or other problems when it's not raining.  It's better to find them pro-actively then after the water has ended up in your basement, etc.
		-- u/Twentysix2, 14714 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: If you look ugly in photos it doesn't mean you are ugly in real life.

Why YSK :  A lot of people look good in real life but their pictures come out bad (and vice versa). The reason is that you're just not photogenic, it happens to a lot of people. In converting a 3d image like a person into a 2d image like a photo, some features are lost. We see in 3D because we have two eyes, and a camera has one eye that can only see in 2D so it doesn't get your facial features correct Sometimes the camera literally flips the photo, like a mirror. If you look beautiful in the mirror you're most likely very beautiful.

Cameras distort reality. Usually in subtle ways, but people who take lots of portrait shots will tell you that posture can make a world of difference, not because it changes the way you look in person, but because it strongly affects the way you show up on camera. I think some people instinctively have good camera posture and it does a lot for them. I'm even aware of extreme cases of people who look good in pictures even through they're not particularly attractive.

That's why a lot of models look very attractive in photos but in real life umm......

So don't get depressed about your looks just because you don't look good enough in photos. Don't be too critical of yourself, a camera never capture your beauty but other people will!
		-- u/No-job-no-money, 21616 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: If you look ugly in photos it doesn't mean you are ugly in real life.

Why YSK: A lot of people look good in real life but their pictures come out bad (and vice versa). The reason is that you're just not photogenic, it happens to a lot of people. In converting a 3d image like a person into a 2d image like a photo, some features are lost. We see in 3D because we have two eyes, and a camera has one eye that can only see in 2D so it doesn't get your facial features correct Sometimes the camera literally flips the photo, like a mirror. If you look beautiful in the mirror you're most likely very beautiful.

Cameras distort reality. Usually in subtle ways, but people who take lots of portrait shots will tell you that posture can make a world of difference, not because it changes the way you look in person, but because it strongly affects the way you show up on camera. I think some people instinctively have good camera posture and it does a lot for them. I'm even aware of extreme cases of people who look good in pictures even through they're not particularly attractive.

That's why a lot of models look very attractive in photos but in real life umm......

So don't get depressed about your looks just because you don't look good enough in photos. Don't be too critical of yourself, a camera never capture your beauty but other people will!
		-- u/Jerry_007, 14658 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you make a mistake with your baby’s name or change your mind about the name, in the United States and in some other countries, you have a grace period in which to change the birth certificate without a court order. Some states allow a whole year even.

Why YSK: because mistakes happen and minds change, especially during such an emotional and stressful time. You don’t have to live with regret because you messed up the spelling or you suddenly realize that the baby’s name just isn’t the right one.
		-- u/OstentatiousSock, 35419 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: If you make less than $72,000 a year adjusted gross income (AGI) you can file taxes completely free with the IRS Free File program

Why YSK: (US Only) The program is a partnership between the IRS and popular tax filing software's like TurboTax, TaxSlayer, TaxAct, etc... that allows you to file your entire return for free if you make less than the $72,000 AGI cutoff.

Here's the link to [IRS Free File](https://www.irs.gov/filing/free-file-do-your-federal-taxes-for-free)

Even if you do make more than $72,000/year the electronic forms to file are free to use and file online. Granted I would only do that if you have a pretty straightforward tax return or you really know what you're doing when it comes to taxes.

If you're unsure of what steps to take, here is a [guide](https://youtu.be/3KTyTxndOyg) walking you through the free file program.
		-- u/APennyPinchersGuide, 15384 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: If you pay for something in cash and you're asked "Did you give me a $X bill?", it's to save the staff member's job. Just say yes or no.

Why YSK: (Note: I'm from the US) When you hand money to a staff member at any establishment, they should be asking you to verify how much you gave them. The last thing they need is to give you $6 in change because you gave them a $10 bill, and have you yell at them because you thought you handed them a $20 bill (and should therefore get $16 in change).

Apparently at my job (I'm a pharmacy tech), someone in the drive-thru left a terrible review because he gave me a $10 bill to pay for a $4 medication, and I had the audacity to ask him "you sent me a $10 bill, correct?" He said it was "bizarre and unnecessary". He gave us a 1/10 JUST for that. Don't be that guy.

The best thing is to tell them exactly what you're giving them right from the get-go. "Here's a $20" or "I've got a dollar and 15 cents here" removes any doubts about what money has been exchanged, and prevents issues about money and change down the line.

Edit: Someone made a good point that if you're an employee, you can just state the amount of money the customer gave you, no need to ask them to verify the amount. Saying "out of a $20" is fine, and then the customer can correct you if it's wrong. I do that when it's a face-to-face transaction, but in this scenario, the patient was in the far drive-thru lane so I had to make sure he heard me correctly, hence why I needed to phrase it as a question

Final edit: Okay everyone, I sincerely appreciate everyone's comments/tips! I'm sorry to everyone who thinks I was just ranting. I really was just surprised that what I did bothered a patient so much so I made this post for anyone else who feels the same way as the patient I dealt with. Some key takeaways/tips I've seen here so far:

1) keep any money handed to you as visible as possible (like on the till/register out of the customer's reach) until the customer is gone
2) asking people to verify what they gave you can annoy them, so it's better to make statements about the transaction and they can correct you if something is off
3) for customers, sometimes the cashier might actually not pay attention and shortchange you, so it doesn't hurt to let them know what you gave them beforehand, like "I'll pay with a $20" 
4) retail sucks

Thanks to everyone who gave me good criticisms, too. I'll adjust what I say/how I say it to patients to make the whole transaction more efficient while keeping the money being exchanged totally transparent
		-- u/[deleted], 14849 upvotes, 0.82 ratio.
%
YSK: If you really want to support your local restaurant, don't order third party delivery (GrubHub, DoorDash, etc). Instead, order directly from the restaurant. Delivery providers charge the restaurant 15% to 30% of the total.

Imagine you place a $30 order.  25% of that may come off the top for the delivery provider.  The restaurant is left with $22.50.  For that original $30 order, 25% of that covers the cost of the food itself and the packaging.  Now the restaurant is left with $15.  25% of the original total is to cover labor.  Now the restaurant is left with $7.50.  25% of the total covers other things like electricity, rent, water, etc.  Now the restaurant is left with $0.  Yes, ordering third party delivery helps them keep the lights on and their employees working but it really doesn't help the business.

\*These percentages are going to vary from restaurant to restaurant but should be close

Edit:  I am suggesting that you use restaurants that have in-house delivery OR you go pick up your own food.  I understand that this may not work in every case.

Edit 2:  I'm seeing people say they support by tipping.  If you order through a third-party app then you aren't supporting the restaurant by tipping.  You are supporting the driver.

Edit 3:  I am specifically talking about those instances where some individuals feel like "I want to help out my favorite restaurant!  I am going to order their food!"  If you're simply trying to feed yourself via the cheapest and/or most convenient method, then do whatever you want  (nothing wrong with this!)
		-- u/theWet_Bandits, 17396 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: If you regularly lie to people or exaggerate events, and no one has confronted you, your friends are likely aware of you lying, but choose to stay quiet

A few times I’ve seen people on Reddit state different varieties of something like “I lie about little things here and there, but no one knows”, which is rarely true. Most of the time, the friend group is very aware of someone lying on a regular basis, but they choose to not confront it either out of apathy, or - more often - to not cause the liar embarrassment.

So, no, you’re not a good liar, you just have good friends.

Why YSK: Because don’t feel like you need to lie to make yourself more interesting. You’re enough just the way you are.
		-- u/zephsoph, 54799 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: If you start a new job, your IT department might try to phish you

Why YSK: if you start a new corporate job, and open a suspicious e-mail, you can seriously compromise data security of course. However, some people starting out don’t know better, so corporate IT departments send red herring phishing e-mails and if you fall for them, you will have to go through mandatory security compliance training

When I first started my new corporate job, I would get emails from reportedly the CEO himself (wow!) that he wanted to meet with me and discuss a special project. I also got several emails from random “vendors” welcoming me to the company and looking to discuss things way above my pay grade.

I reported all of these as spam, but on a routine IT call I mentioned to IT that I found it was weird I was getting spam so fast when I had just started and nobody knew my e-mail account yet as it was just created. He admitted that their IT department sent these false flag spam emails to new hires to catch people early, and put them through training if they failed the tests.

Funny enough, ever since then, I haven’t gotten any more spam.
		-- u/[deleted], 11656 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you struggle to hear dialogue and voices over music and sound effects in Netflix, you might just need to change the audio track.

Why YSK: If you struggle to hear dialogue and voices, navigate to the subtitles menu, but rather than changing subtitles, change your soundtrack from the default (!) ‘English Dolby 5.1’ to ‘English (Original).’ This will change the mixing to be appropriate for a soundbar or stereo speakers.
		-- u/S1lver888, 12645 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: If you use Amazon, make sure to shop from smile.amazon.com. You pick an organization (such as the ACLU) and they will donate a percentage of your purchase to them.

You're shopping there anyways. Just use a different URL.
		-- u/ssoleima, 15290 upvotes, 0.83 ratio.
%
YSK: If you want a discount but aren't a member of the store's loyalty program, use Jenny's number (867-5309). Add the local area code and it works everywhere.

Why YSK: You can use this trick to get a member discount even if you're not a member. The reason this works is because many people use a fake phone number when they sign up for those programs, and lots of people remember the song. At many stores there will be dozens of accounts with this same phone number.
		-- u/PortlyCloudy, 20953 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: If you want to start lifting, you're going to feel weaker than you actually are for a couple weeks because your brain is lazier than your muscles and doesn't want to change.

Why YSK: I've heard a lot of stories from people who give up on working out because they feel weak, or they go for a month but don't look or feel any different. They get embarrassed because they feel weaker than they expected. Well, you aren't, your brain is just lazy!

I had never heard this before I forced myself to take things seriously and got a trainer a couple years ago after failing to make progress on my own and feeling terrible. This was what they told me and I wanted to share: Your body has likely never had to fire a single dedicated muscle to move something. Ever. You have almost always been able to "cheat" moving something by using your core strength, keeping your arms in close and "putting your back into it". You're making up for your weaker muscles by giving them mechanical advantages in every way you can. So your brain has literally no idea *how* to contract your bicep(for example) by itself and wants to cheat. If you're using a machine, you might even catch yourself trying to get under the weight, even though logically you know it won't help. That's your brain fighting back against what is basically just seen as a massive waste of effort and an inefficient way to move something. You are literally fighting yourself.

Your first few weeks, if not your first couple *months* depending on frequency can feel embarrassing because you don't think you're doing it right, or it doesn't feel right, or you feel like you're getting nowhere. Your brain has to literally build the ability to focus and fire a muscle properly, and that takes time, and it's frustrating. As we age, it hates building new neural pathways even more, and it fights against your conscious efforts. It can be done, though!

The only way forward is to do the motion, with a comfortable weight, over and over until it gets there. This can't be rushed, it just takes time and consistent form and effort. You'll notice when it does, because things will start to feel better. You might have gained little to no muscle mass but you'll be able to move a little more weight. That can be confusing, but it's just your soggy meat-hunk finally getting the picture. Machines are actually great for this because in most cases you can't cheat the motion, which would do you no good at all.

If you feel embarrassed because you think you look weak, or foolish in a room full of people who aren't struggling, just remember that they went through the same thing once. They're probably mentally supporting you because they know getting started sucks. I felt terrible and out of place for a long time, but then suddenly you don't.

So don't give up on working out. Don't give up on your body. Don't feel embarrassed because you're struggling to literally curl 5 pounds(me). Keep at it, and understand that your brain is just a stubborn bit of hardware that has to be trained and changed with you. Put that work in. Plus, then you can do the Terry Crews thing where you bounce your pecs around.

Edit: For the curious or concerned here's an [interesting read about this](https://journals.lww.com/acsm-essr/Fulltext/2003/04000/Training_Induced_Changes_in_Neural_Function.2.aspx).
TL;DR:  "Resistance training elicits adaptive changes in the nervous system as well as in the morphology of the trained muscles (Fig. 6).  In particular, neural adaptation mechanisms are important for the  increases in maximal eccentric strength and rate of force development  observed with training."

and to clarify, like I said above this  was some early advice from my long-time personal trainer, who is \*FAR\* more qualified than I will ever be, and this is a post to share some insight into a common struggle.

		-- u/StoicJ, 37534 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you want to store any kind of digital media for long term safe keeping, CD's/DVD's have the longest shelf life and in ideal conditions can achieve data storage for 100-200 years.

Why YSK: Because unlike hard drives which store the data magnetically or SSD's which store the state electrically - CD's and DVD's physically burn the 1's and 0's with a laser and are virtually impervious to magnetic fields, physical impact like dropping,etc. The discs must be physically eroded away (e.g. scratched disks) to result in days loss. Generally, it is best to keep ROM discs in a dry, cool environment for maximum shelf life

Edit: I'm not suggesting to use DVD over cloud storage and keeping multiple copies. But if you need to have a physical media copy of something, DVD ROM is ideal. For example, if you want to keep a physical backup of master decryption keys or passwords and keep in a safe - that would be another prime example.
		-- u/xarzilla, 10851 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: If you your tongue tend to form a white coating on its surface, it is possible that you have bad breath, and people will rarely warn you about it. Use a tongue scraper. (Or: if your friend has bad breath, tell them. The solution is usually simple, and you can save them a lot of embarrassment).

The white coating is a biofilm formed by food debris, desquamated epithelial cells and bacteria, and it is most common reason for bad breath (halitosis) ([https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29269592/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29269592/)). Nearly 90% of halitosis cases originate in the mouth ([https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11905111/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11905111/)), and 80-90% of these originate in the tongue ([https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11905111/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11905111/)).

Some habits are directly associated with coating formation, such as consuming alcohol, smoking and not drinking enough water ([https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11905111/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11905111/)). However, some people are genetically predisposed to form it anyway, so cleaning the tongue is the easiest way to solve the problem ([https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25622725/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25622725/)).

Many people don't clean their tongues properly, because it is not an easy task with a regular toothbrush. However, this can be easily done with a tongue scraper or, if you don't have one, with a tea spoon. Just add it to your routine and you should be fine. ~~For best results, use mouthwash afterwards if you aren't already.~~ Edit: disputed. The least I can affirm for now is that you should avoid mouthwashers that aren't alcohol-free. I will look into it and then edit this part accordingly.

Sincerely, a fellow redditor who probably had bad breath during most of his teenage years and had to receive the tip from a dentist.

Edit: uh oh, just realized I messed up when trying to rephrase the title a hundred times to fit in the character limit.

Edit: no, you shouldn't use a razor for this task.

Edit: many people are pointing out that you can use your toothbrush to clean your tongue. It is true. However, many people find it difficult to make a proper cleaning because of the gagging reflexes. A tongue scraper is flatter, so easier to use for most people.

Edit: bad breath and a white coating can have different etiologies, and I am just referring to a common source of bad breath and a common form of white coating associated with this symptom. As mentioned by many users, a white tongue might be a symptom of oropharyngeal candidiasis (thrush) that is an infection from a yest-like fungus (Candida albicans), and it is more common in people with diabetes (after all, the yeast thrive in sugar-rich saliva) and it is treated with medications. If you are in doubt, seek a professional.
		-- u/[deleted], 25212 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're a good listener, you might notice you have friends who dump their joys and sorrows on you at every possibly opportunity. It's not because they're looking for pity or want to be annoying, it's because they know you listen.

Talking gives them some temporary relief from whatever emotions they may be experiencing, even if it doesn't seem like it, and you are the person they enjoy sharing those bits of information with. 

Challenge yourself to see the big picture and listen to their message as a whole, rather than undoubtedly being confused over every little detail that comes to mind for them.
		-- u/KissAndControlx, 39823 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're a man in your mid 30s or beyond and discover there's a bit of after-dribble after doing your business, try pressing up on the space between your scrotum and anus (the taint) before pulling your trousers up to correct the issue and release any excess urine that might be in there

Why YSK: A lot of guys develope a kink of sorts in their urethra in their 30s that can cause a residual amount of urine to lay dormant until a minute or so after urination, thus causing a miniscule amount of pee to seep out after doing their business and zipping everything shut, despite how much they may shake it. If you want to avoid lightly urine soaked underwear and pants, this is what you need to do
		-- u/EJRose83, 11126 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're a teenage girl and need access to emergency contraceptive you can buy Plan B on Amazon for $30 compared to having an adult go in and buy it for you for $60

Given you'll need to buy it before you actually need it I figured this bit of info is still helpful. In many states they won't allow you to buy it if you're not 18 or older. Regardless it's $60 in the store vs a much cheaper rate online.

Edit: Thank you kind gold giving stranger's
		-- u/IronProdigyOfficial, 23958 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're considering seeking professional help for mental issues but are not sure if you're feeling''bad enough'' to do so, definitely do it

Why YSK: I know a lot of people who have considered this, and one of the most common things that held them back was the thought that they weren't feeling bad enough to have the right to seek and receive help. It's important to recognize your thoughts and feelings as real, and the fact that some people might feel worse does not mean you don't have the right to talk to someone about it.

Edit: I am lucky enough to live in a country where you can get a certain amount of hours for free. I am aware of the fact that in some countries it is not available at a reasonable price, which is pretty fucked up if you ask me. My point is just that if there are no other (financial) factors that hold you back, you should go for it.
		-- u/xxpkjxx, 16717 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're feeling down after the election, research suggests senses of doom felt after an unfavorable election are greatly over-exaggerated

Sorry for the long title and I'm sure I will get my fair share of negative attention here. Anyways, humans are the only animals which can not only imagine future events but also imagine how they will feel during those events. This is called affective forecasting and while humans can do it, they are very bad at it.

Further reading:

[Link](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-social-self/201011/post-election-depression-or-elation-dont-get-too-distraught-or-jubilant)

[Link](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/second-thought/201011/how-the-mind-construesthe-post-election-blues)
		-- u/solo_dol0, 13484 upvotes, 0.76 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're in a car accident and you have a child car seat in the back, even if it doesn't look damaged, you should still report it to your insurance company. They will reimburse you for the full amount. Safety first.

Why YSK: Car seats are expensive and usually extremely safe. Even if your child car seat takes no damage during an accident, your insurance company should still replace or reimburse you for the full amount.
		-- u/Oneiric19, 28187 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're stuck in your car during a blizzard and snow is piling up around your car, do not leave the engine running if your tailpipe is at risk of being blocked by the snow. Carbon monoxide will come into the car interior and kill you.

Why YSK: As more severe winter weather moves in in many parts of the world, inevitably once or twice a year there are tragic stories of this exact thing happening. People just don't think about it and they end up losing their life over something so preventable.

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/carbon-monoxide-snowed-in-car/

https://m.imgur.com/a/NfDIUIV
		-- u/_FIDEL_CASHFLOW33, 11664 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're too lazy to read the Terms  Conditions for a popular website there is a site that gives you a TL;DR and grades them on their shadiness

[Source](https://tosdr.org/) I still want to reiterate it's always best to actually read and comprehend what you're accepting, but this website can be a valuable resource to help you understand.
		-- u/Zee_Ventures, 45391 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: If you're working at a restaurant and someone dine and dashes on you then legally a manager or superior can NOT make you pay for what was consumed by the customer.

I worked at a restaurant for years while growing up. Let me tell you it was awesome and amazing money for a young fellow like myself at the time.

There were few times when someone got up and left without paying for their meal or drinks whether it was an accident or just on purpose. Few managers always made me pay for that loss which ranged from $20-60 sometimes. This is aimed at teens and maybe college students who don't know better. This is ILLEGAL a manager can not force you to pay something that a customer consumed without paying.

So if it happens to you just inform them you aren't required to do that.. Most servers in the industry make $2.13 an hour and rely on tips to make a living. It's fucked up to expect someone to pay something that they had no control over. Job description is to serve the customer not supervise them and chase them demanding a payment.

Thanks guys!
		-- u/Sabellon, 25840 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: If your car has those extra-bright headlights, you are blinding the small/low riding car in front of you at night.

Even if they flip their rear view mirror to reduce the brightness, the side view mirrors shine your ultra bright lights directly into their eyes.

Keep an extra amount of distance between you and them to help keep the other drivers safe.

Edit 2: as countless people have pointed out, YSAK: you can adjust the angle of your headlights so you’re not as blinding to the car in front of you!

Edit: glad to see I’m not the only one hating these lights! Thanks for tips, I do a lot of driving at night on one lane highways, so next time I’m definitely going to adjust my side mirrors to shine the light right back in their face
		-- u/pleing1, 21928 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: If your cat is limping, then suddenly starts walking normally, they wern't faking being unjured. They are faking not being injured

Why YSK: I see so many videos on Reddit of cats limping, then suddenly walking normally when they get close to their human. The OP, and the commenters find it hilarious, and make jokes about the cat faking injury for sympathy.

Cats (and many other animals) will **instinctively hide their injuries** so as not to seem vulnerable to potential predators or rivals. If your cat is limping then suddenly stops, dont post a cute video on the net laughing about it. **Take them to a vet.**

Walking on an injured leg is not only painful but could worsen or prolong the injury.

If you are going to own a pet and be responsible for its life and wellbeing, educate yourself about its natural behaviours and how to care for it properly. Anthropomorphising your pet by lazily projecting human behaviours (such as faking an injury for sympathy) on to it, is not a substitute for doing some basic research on how to care for the creature who is dependant on you.
		-- u/Skribbla, 29826 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: If your company only gives an annual raise of 1%-3% based on performance, that doesn't cover the historical inflation rate of 3.22%. You only get a true raise if your wages increase more than that.

Why YSK: If your raise is less than about 3.22%, then you'll have less buying power next year than you did this year. This information can be helpful when negotiating a raise, as you can use it as a tactic to say, "historically, 3% barely covers inflation."

Source: https://inflationdata.com/Inflation/Inflation_Rate/Long_Term_Inflation.asp

Edit: This specifically applies to the US. Check your local inflation rate if in another country.
		-- u/techerton, 17861 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK: If you’re asking friends to help move, always have everything packed and ready to be picked up and go.

Currently helping my buddies girlfriend move and most of the things aren’t packed up.

Edit: obligatory first gold! Thanks for making this day better!

Edit2: After it was all said and done it was thankfully much more organized than at first glance. It was just a lot of things in a small space ( sooo many shoes ). We got them all moved in and they treated us to a lovely dinner!
		-- u/Speedling_, 48512 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: If you’re filling out a customer service survey, the only person affected by the score is most likely the lowest level person you worked with. If you are treated unfairly by a company, contact the corporate office directly to get the problem fixed.

Example 1: If you go to a big chain pharmacy and the pharmacist is unprofessional, putting low marks on the survey will only affect the cashier who rang you out. 

Example 2: if you’re angry about your ISP’s quality or pricing or hold times, marking the survey with a low score will only hurt the poor call center worker who answered the phone. The people who control the staffing, pricing, or business practices of the company will never read your survey comments.
		-- u/becks258, 19308 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: If you’re traveling and your ID/passport gets lost or stolen, you can still fly home. Just arrive a few hours early to the airport, and do an interview with TSA so they can verify your identity. Having a police report is strongly recommended.

EDIT: This is useful for US domestic. I don’t know about other countries or international flight. 

Recently was in Chicago for a concert and some absolute trash people stole my girlfriends wallet. Obviously you can cancel the cards and dispute the charges, but the ID is usually the bigger issue. We went to the police to file a report mainly because we wanted official documentation to help us get home. The interview process with TSA was actually super quick and easy. They just made me stand off to the side so I couldn’t hear, but they basically just ask a few questions to verify your identity. Then they let us go through pre check. Hopefully this never happens to you though! 
This may seem like common sense but I had never thought about it before, until it was too late. Hopefully this helps someone.
		-- u/MurderousRooster, 24663 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: If you’re using Libby to borrow ebooks and audiobooks from your library, you should also “return early” when you’re done, so someone else can gain access sooner.

On Libby, go to

&gt; Shelf

&gt; Manage Loan

&gt; Return Early

&gt; Return
		-- u/SmileFirstThenSpeak, 23813 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: In an unused (e.g. guest) bathroom, keep the shower, sink, and toilet drain U-pipes full of water to prevent sewer gas from entering your home.

Why YSK: This is especially important if your house is on a septic system. In my case, the smell in the unused guest bathroom became awful after the water in the shower drain evaporated.
		-- u/schadwick, 11799 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: In case of an emergency give directions to specific people instead of generally saying it for everyone and expecting someone to do it!

Why YSK: In an emergency situation, don't yell "somebody get help/call an ambulance/get me something to stop the bleeding!". Give the direction to an individual, most people will expect someone else to do it. If you say "you, call an ambulance, you in the red, get me a cloth/shirt" bystanders are FAR more likely to actually move and take direction. If you're a group that's trained and practiced most people will respond to "somebody" but if they aren't, everyone expects someone else to take charge and take responsibility. Be that person and give individual directions.

[Original comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/comments/jpmv6e/utah_teen_saves_choking_friend_with_heimlich/gbfsvsg/?utm_source=shareutm_medium=ios_apputm_name=iossmfcontext=3)
		-- u/shrey_shah_97, 16072 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: In rolling traffic, staying further back from the car in front may potentially reduce both traffic and vehicle wear.

Why YSK: If you drive close to the car in front, when they inevitably tap their brakes you will need to brake as well. This creates a wave of cars tapping their brakes which creates more traffic. If you give ample room in front of you, when the person in front taps their brakes you only need to let off the gas and slow down. This stops the backwards wave-like flow of traffic. 

Additionally, not needing to tap your breaks reduces brake wear. And potentially saves gas as you won't reduce your speed as much.
		-- u/Marksman18, 20228 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: In the US while you are working, if you feel there is an imminent threat of death or injury - you can stop working.

https://www.osha.gov/as/opa/worker/danger.html

Why YSK:

Employers know this, but few will tell employees about it. Workers are pressured into risking life and injury because of year end review raises, bonuses, and timeline of work that needs to be completed. My recommendation is this - call and record the conversation with supervisor or the person in charge. If the person in charge starts debating your opinion, hang up and call OSHA and the Department of Labor. The reason for calling to Dept of labor is to insulate the employee from any retaliations from the employer. HR works for the employer, OSHA and the Dept of Labor works for you.
		-- u/Nubstix, 27018 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: In the US, hospitals are required to help pay for your medical bills if you make under a certain amount of money (typically 200-300% of the Federal Poverty Level). This could potentially cover the entirety of your hospital bill.

Why YSK: You should be aware of the medical care that is available to you, as well as the potential costs. Knowing that your hospital bill may be covered if your financial situation is not ideal could make the difference between life and death.

A provision of the Affordable Care Act mandates hospitals must provide a “financial assistance policy” that must “must apply to all emergency and other medically necessary care provided by the hospital facility” in order for the hospital to maintain its tax-exempt status as a nonprofit. Seeing as 57% of all hospitals are non-profit, this policy applies to majority of hospitals. If you are uninsured, these policies are most likely to apply to you. However, even insured people can qualify in many situations. 

Simply search " \*name of hospital\* financial assistance " and go to the hospital's financial assistance page. Somewhere on that page there should be a document called "Financial Assistance Policy", and inside of that it will tell you the qualifying income for total coverage, as well as qualifying income for partial coverage. Please read it thoroughly to understand what you may or may not qualify for. For the most part this only applies to emergent, non-elective, and catastrophic care.. otherwise known as "medically necessary care". 

As an example, the hospital closest to me covers my entire hospital bill if I make under 200% of the FPL, which would mean I have to make less than $25,760 if I was a 1 person household, or $53,000 for my family of 4. In addition they will offer partial coverage if I make under 600% of the FPL.

Source: [IRS](https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/financial-assistance-policy-and-emergency-medical-care-policy-section-501r4)
		-- u/1saltymf, 40173 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: In the US, hospitals are required to help pay for your medical bills if you make under a certain amount of money (typically 200-300% of the Federal Poverty Level). This could potentially cover the entirety of your hospital bill.

Why YSK: You should be aware of the medical care that is available to you, as well as the potential costs. Knowing that your hospital bill may be covered if your financial situation is not ideal could make the difference between life and death.

A provision of the Affordable Care Act mandates hospitals must provide a “financial assistance policy” that “must apply to all emergency and other medically necessary care provided by the hospital facility” in order for the hospital to maintain its tax-exempt status as a nonprofit. Seeing as 57% of all hospitals are non-profit, this policy applies to majority of hospitals. If you are uninsured, these policies most likely to apply to you. However, even insured people can qualify in many situations.

Simply search “ *name of hospital* financial assistance “ and go to the hospital’s financial assistance page. Somewhere on that page there should be a document called “Financial Assistance Policy”, and inside of that it will tell you the qualifying income for total coverage, as well as qualifying income for partial coverage. Please read it thoroughly to understand what you may or may not qualify for. For the most part this only applies to emergent, non-elective, and catastrophic care.. otherwise known as “medically necessary care”.

As an example, the hospital closest to me covers my entire hospital bill if I make under 200% of the FPL, which would mean I have to make less than $25,760 if I was a 1 person household, or $53,000 for my family of 4. In addition they will offer partial coverage if I make under 600% of the FPL.

Source: [IRS](https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/financial-assistance-policy-and-emergency-medical-care-policy-section-501r4)

If you look in my history, I have posted this before. I think enough time has passed that this information should be shared again. Please share to anyone you think it might help.
		-- u/1saltymf, 19966 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: In the US, prices of the majority of Prime-eligible products sold on Amazon may rise by a minimum of $0.50 - $1.00 this fall, due to Amazon triple-dipping on fees to sellers by adding unprecedented "Inflation" and "Holiday" surcharges, forcing us to raise prices.

Why YSK: Value items are already hard to sell on Amazon, and sellers will start to lose money on them unless they raise prices this holiday. It is not out of the seller's greed. 

As some context; there are 3 ways to sell products on Amazon;

___

* **Seller FBA (Fulfilled by Amazon)** - The seller keeps their inventory in Amazon's warehouse. At the time of sale, a fee is paid to Amazon to have them pick  ship the product to you. AFAIK, 100% of this product is Prime-eligible since it's in Amazon's control.
* **Seller FBM (Fulfilled by Merchant)** - The seller keeps the inventory at the seller's warehouse. No fee is paid to Amazon for picking and shipping, since the seller is doing it themselves. A portion of this product is prime-eligible if the seller has proven they are reliable.
* **Vendor** - An application/invitation only program where the seller sells large volumes of product directly to Amazon. It's then owned by Amazon and they can resell it however and whenever they please. AFAIK 100% of this product is Prime-eligible.

___

For the purpose of this YSK, we will be talking exclusively about FBA (Fulfilled by Amazon), which accounts for arguably the largest chunk of Prime-eligible products.

Amazon charges the following amounts to pick and ship a seller's product: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/GPDC3KPYAGDTVDJP

* The cost to pick  ship an 12oz (340g) product is $4.52
* Earlier this year (included in the above link), Amazon announced that they are adding 5% surcharge to this fee to account for inflation... So that $4.52 became $4.75
* 2 days ago, [Amazon announced that they are adding an additional Holiday fulfillment fee surcharge](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/forums/t/2022-holiday-peak-fulfillment-fee/1201404). That originally $4.52 fee [is now costing us $5.06](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/GABBX6GZPA8MSZGW)

Both this "Inflation Surcharge" and "Holiday Peak Surcharge" have never been introduced before, and are new as of 2022 (and with the Holiday surcharge, is new as of 2 days ago).

An increase of $0.54 may not sound like much, but you have to keep in mind that many sub-$25 product are operating at tiny margins as it stands, often $1-3 after you consider sourcing, transportation, storage, overhead, operational costs, and fees. So this change, just announced 2 days ago to go into effect in 2 months, is going to garnish 15%-50% of sellers' profits for lower cost items during the highest volume season unless we raise our prices to accommodate.

Many sellers are very angry about this change, because our entire forecasting strategy (with long lead times for manufacturing and transportation) informed decisions 6 months ago on how much product we should source and at which target price point. Now a $19.99 product is not profitable, and because of psychology increasing it to $20.99 drops demand noticeably (since it's above that comfort threshold or gets filtered out of search results). But we have no choice but to increase the price.
		-- u/MrMusAddict, 24202 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Installing a bidet attachment to your toilet is super easy and probably cheaper than stockpiling a ton of toilet paper.

And it feels cleaner too!
		-- u/Velexria, 53512 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Internet Archive (www.archive.org) is a non-profit library of millions of free books, movies, software, music, websites, and more

Why YSK: it’s all free content! And a lot of cool stuff you might not even consider, like the “Wayback machine” and audiobooks/old time radio.

www.archive.org

Edit: adding list of all the cool stuff people have posted (Thanks for posting, sorry if I don’t credit you):

1. Not just DOS games, Sega, PlayStation, GameCube, Atari, etc.

Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego, Oregon Trail, Sim City, Doom, Wolfenstein....SimCat and Alley Cat

2. Every Grateful Dead show ever.

3. Professional Strip Poker DOS game.

4. Wayback Machine: All old websites. Pretty crazy stuff.

5. Tom Arnold and Roseanne Barr sex tapes.
		-- u/IveBangedyourmom, 26433 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Job Recruiters ALWAYS know the salary/compensation range for the job they are recruiting for. If they aren’t upfront with the information, they are trying to underpay you.

Why YSK:  I worked several years in IT for a recruiting firm. All of the pay ranges for positions are established with a client before any jobs are filled. Some contracts provide commissions if the recruiters can fill the positions under the pay ranges established for each position, which incentivizes them to low-ball potential hires. Whenever you deal with a recruiter, your first question should be about the pay. If they claim they don’t have it, or are not forthcoming, walk away.
		-- u/Procrastin8rPro, 28455 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Just Because You Forgive Someone Doesn't Mean You Have To Let Them Back Into Your Life

Why YSK:  Too often, people expect that everything will return to the way it was "before" when they do something horrible to you or treat you badly. Some people expect that as their preordained right and some even bother to apologize. **To be let "back into" your life is not a given.**  Just because you are able to get past other people's crappy and hurtful behavior doesn't mean that they automatically regain the privilege of being included in your life. Give yourself the freedom to forgive/move past their behaviour but allow yourself the power to remove toxic people (yes, even "family") from your life. You will live a better life not being hurt repeatedly by the same people.
		-- u/uDontInterestMe, 17307 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Just because a restaurant appears to have empty tables, does not mean they have room to seat you

Why YSK: I work as a host seating people in a restaurant, and I frequently have people who, when I tell them there is a wait time, are confused or upset. They see apparently empty tables and don't understand why they can't be seated there immediately. It's usually due to one of these reasons:

1) Those "empty" tables are for reservations that will be arriving within the next hour. Since your party will probably take longer than that, we can't risk seating you there.

2) That section of empty tables is closed, because we do not have enough servers to cover it.

3) We very recently sat a few tables in that server's section, and they would not be able to get to your table in a reasonable time. We have you wait 15 minutes for a table so that you aren't seated only to  feel that the server is ignoring you.

4) We recently sat a lot of tables in different sections, and seating you would overwhelm the kitchen. We need to space out some parties, otherwise the kitchen will not be able to make everything in a reasonable amount of time. If you don't want to wait an hour after ordering to receive your food, this is what we have to do.

It's pretty unlikely that a restaurant will turn you away for no reason. If we have space, we'd love to seat you! I have no reason to lie to you, yet I constantly get people who don't understand this and get angry with me.

If the restaurant you want to go to takes reservations, especially if it's smaller and popular, you should always try to make a reservation, doubly so if it's during dinner rush. It'll save you a lot of time.
		-- u/noodle_os, 18625 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Just because someone doesn’t look sick/disabled, does not mean they are healthy

Why YSK: I am chronically ill and have an autoimmune disorder, the amount of times people have said “WELL... yOU dOn’t LOOK sick” to me is astounding. I didn’t know all illnesses have to be visible to others! I’m sorry I can’t show you my internal organs or muscles deteriorating for you to believe that I’m sick. It makes people with health issues feel like they have to explain their situation when they don’t.

*EDIT: I did not expect my post to blow up like this! I wish I could give everyone going through a rough time a hug. Thank you for all the new perspectives, good and bad. All I wanted was for people to be a little kinder to one another, because you never know what someone’s going through.
		-- u/ilovepastapizzapots, 31388 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: Just because someone has published a book doesn't mean it's contents or the author is credible.

Why YSK: Literally anyone can publish a book about anything. Often times authors despite having the appropriate credentials will publish false information specifically because they know what they're saying will make them money. Nutrition is a very predatory market, do your research people.

TV and podcasts are also huge problems in this regard.
		-- u/RileyTrodd, 10726 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Just because you told the person at the drive thru to "hang on" doesnt mean they're not still listening

WHY YSK:
As a manager of a popular restaurant chain I cannot count the number of times people tell us they're not ready to order and then proceed to have VERY private conversations.

Some things to know:

We cannot turn the headset off once you've activated it

There are either speakers inside the building or at least 4 people wearing headsets at all times, so literally everyone hears what you're saying

The headsets (unless you're at an older place) are very sensitive, so that phone call? Yes we heard it too, also, side note, please quit screaming into them, a normal voice is fine

We absolutely discuss everything you say, and remember the truly awkward ones, we even have names for you.

In summation, be ready to order, dont scream, dont have conversations you dont want overheard, and repeated (often in a funny voice) and dont be rude

Have a great day.

For fun, my favorite so far is the guy we call Don Juan because he calls both his wife and girlfriend while sitting at the speaker and gets us to bag it seperately.
		-- u/why0me, 11761 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Just like Amazon, Overstock has a huge issue with counterfeit merchandise. Unlike Amazon, they don't provide refunds.

After dealing with Overstock for nearly two months over a dispute over a ridiculously expensive pillow, I read the recent YSK about Amazon. Overstock has a similar issue with commingling inventory. In a nutshell, Overstock receives inventory from different distributors and cannot verify the authenticity of their items. Because they accept differing distributors for their inventory but store all the same products with the same sku together, you could receive an item from a counterfeit distributor and never really know.

Unfortunately, unlike Amazon, Overstock has incredibly poor customer service and refuse returns, even within their so called return window.

Why YSK: Overstock can send you fake merchandise and refuse a return.

Edit: I've seen a few similar comments/questions and I wanted to clarify.

First, I'm just a person, a disgruntled person, but a person nonetheless. I do not work for or have any affiliation with Amazon or Overstock.com. Read my history if you're interested. It's boring but you'll get the point. 

Second, I am working with my cc company on a charge back. I'm honestly not holding my breath since they asked me to get a professional authentication on a pillow.

Third, I doubt my situation is unique (as evidence by many comments) but I saw the other post and as I'm going through this ridiculous situation with Overstock, I thought I would share. I am pretty upset that Overstock has the position that because no one else has complained about the item, I must be mistaken. Also, they required a photo of the item without packaging to continue my complaint and then said the item was opened and therefore not returnable.

In our current world, holding companies accountable for terrible business practices is vital.
		-- u/MeggieAC, 18233 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Khan Academy has a section on Personal Finance that teaches you things such as how to do your taxes, pay for college, and save for retirement

This is very useful for becoming independent and getting a job.
You can access their Personal Finance section [Here](https://www.khanacademy.org/college-careers-more/personal-finance)
		-- u/jakebirder1, 17719 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Lilies are extremely poisonous to cats and every part of the plant, including the pollen can be fatal.

Why YSK: I don’t own a cat but my mom got some lilies for her birthday and her cat ate some of the leaves. Luckily she threw them up and they got her to the vet in time so she survived, the vet said if she hadn’t gotten the cat to them quickly she would have gone into irreversible kidney failure. Most cat people probably already know this but I didn’t and I think this is important information for every would-be cat owner.
		-- u/[deleted], 11091 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Maintaining food storage is a major help in keeping yourself above water in hard times.

Why YSK: Everyone talks about having an emergency fund, but given the run on supermarkets that happened in early 2020 I think this is a topic worth discussing. Even if you are simply unemployed temporarily, having food storage will extend the life of your emergency fund because you can just draw from your pantry. This leaves the money you do have to help cover other expenses like for rent and vehicles for a longer period of time, which will give you more of a fighting chance if you end up experiencing longer term unemployment. You should think of your pantry as your own personal food bank, or as a physical type of savings account.

You don't have to go get a huge pantry all at once, which can be prohibitively expensive. Start slow, and focus on shelf-stable staple food items. Make sure you are buying things you know you will eat, and make sure you rotate your stock by tracking expiration dates.
		-- u/Neon-Predator, 17453 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Many “accelerated leadership” programs at big companies are a talent retention tool and have little impact on your own career path

Why YSK:

Between my own experience at 6 different big companies over 26 years as an engineer and engineering manager, as well as my wife and friends similar experiences, I can confidently say these programs are partially a scam.

The idea is that there is some elite / exclusive group at a company that churns out management or tech fellow promotions.  But in reality senior management uses it as a stop gap to satiate their top performers they refuse to lose to management roles.  I’ve seen many people who deserve promotions go into these programs (some of which required an extra 20+ hours per week of  busy work) and get burned as people not in the program got “their” promotions year after year.

At two of the companies, there was a minimum quota of promos from this pool of people, so it wasn’t 100% BS, but we are still talking 2 out of 3000 people per year.  They get paraded around in front of the rest of the people as a success story, but the goal is to squeeze a few more years out of your top people before they get frustrated and move on or give up.

Don’t  waste your limited free time on these things. They seem prestigious but they are just a control mechanism. Look outside your company if you are dissatisfied with your position and haven’t been able to get promoted via normal channels
		-- u/Bob_the_peasant, 12871 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Men, if you are ever visiting a hospital and need to poop, go to the OB/GYN offices. Their men’s rooms are rarely used and usually clean and quiet

I’ve done marketing in hospitals for a long time now and I can attest that at each hospital in my area, those bathrooms at the OB/GYN offices that say men’s are the cleanest. Can’t speak for the communal bathrooms but I would steer clear of those. 

Edit: ok a few things:

A)Obviously not every hospital is going to be like this. I was referring to those hospitals that have obgyn outpatient clinics connected to them, which is pretty much every hospital in my city

B)a bunch of people must not have read where I put “men’s room”. 

C)no I don’t advocate being a pervert or even being creepy. 
		-- u/VirginArnoldPalmer, 28041 upvotes, 0.81 ratio.
%
YSK: Mental health tends to improve with age. If you feel like things will never get better, know that multiple studies have found an improvement in happiness and decrease in neuroticism with age

As a teenager or young adult it's common to feel like your mental health issues won't get better, but they almost certainly will. [Source](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/7d7c/24da257f2ed3ec8c3274bfedd5c82356cef9.pdf) and [Source 2](https://www.psychiatrist.com/JCP/article/Pages/2016/v77n08/v77n0813.aspx) for anyone who needs a reminder that it will get better!

Edit: to address many of the comments: of course not ALL disorders vanish on their own with age alone. I am not suggesting that getting older alone will cure your mental health issues. But many do get better, even if they don’t go away completely, and happiness in general tends to improve with age. If you’re curious about certain specific conditions I encourage you to do some research and see if these things are applicable and how to get help!
		-- u/candrade2261, 40722 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Most advertising is not intended to make you immediately want to buy the product. The vast majority is "brand marketing", which is simply intended to make you familiar with the product, which makes you more likely to purchase it in the future.

Have you ever seen an ad and wondered, "Who's going to want to go buy a bag of Doritos after watching _that?_"

As a consumer, it's important to understand the difference between **brand** and **direct** marketing, so you're aware of how marketing is influencing your consumer behavior and help you make informed choices.

Direct marketing is something like an infomercial, or a podcast ad with a promo code.  There is a very clear call to action in the ad, (_"Use our promo code to get 15% off"_ or _"Call now and try yours today!"_).  The ad attempts to be persuasive, so you're actually likely to immediately go and buy the thing.

But, the _vast majority_ of all marketing is "brand marketing", whose purpose is simply to make you aware of and familiar with the product.  The idea is that the next time you need to buy that type of thing (maybe you're at the store in the paper towel aisle), you'll instinctively and subconsciously start with a brand you're familiar with.  You probably won't even recall seeing an ad for it, but you might look at the options and think, "I've never even heard of PaperPal, it can't be good. Oh look, Bounty! I know them".  You might think it's because you saw them at a friend's house, but you probably just saw them in an ad.  This sounds crazy, and you might be thinking "I'd never fall for that", but _it works_.  It works so well that billions of dollars a year are spent on brand advertising alone.

So, the next time you're wondering how on earth an ad about an ostrich playing cricket could possibly make you want to buy life insurance, remember that it's probably brand advertising.  And later, when you're evaluating life insurance options, make sure you're actually choosing the best value, not just the one with the name you recognize.  You probably recognize it because because you've seen ads for it.

**EDIT:** To all the people claiming advertising doesn’t work on them, please be advised: thinking this way will only make brand advertising more effective on you.  If you’re convinced you’re never buying something because of advertising, you’ll be falsely attributing that familiar feeling to a different source (a friend, a review, an imagined experience), when it was in fact probably just an ad campaign.  This is a brand marketer’s _dream_.  Just accept that advertising (in all its forms, shelf placement, billboards, online, etc) is indeed having some effect and adjust accordingly.
		-- u/Fredifrum, 16705 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Most animal shelters will just let you play with dogs.

Why YSK: It's super therapeutic. Not everyone can have a dog. 

A while back, I was depressed and went to the local shelter and at the front counter said, "Hey, can I just pet some dogs?". They took me to the dogs and recommended who could use the attention or needed the exercise. Then they took them (one at a time) out back to the fenced it yard to play fetch with me for a while.

Edit: I should have said "some" instead of "most." My town is pretty small and has 3 shelters around it. All 3, you can just walk in and pet animals.
		-- u/Warm-Juggernaut1353, 23348 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: Most car bluetooth phones are extremely loud and hearable to the outside even if the windows are up.

Why YSK: Because everyone outside of the car, walking by or even standing outside can hear everything you're saying regardless of if the windows are up.

Definitely don't discuss banking or any other confidential subjects or information on a bluetooth car phone because it is easy for someone outside the car to overhear and possibly steal the information.
		-- u/SpeakeasyG1887, 24318 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Most drain cleaning/sewer services scam customers out of hundreds to thousands of dollars. This is a guide for anyone who owns or plans to own a house that will allow you spot the tricks they use, as well as tips to prevent you from needing to use a service at all.

Why YSK: I used to be a drain cleaner. EVERY SINGLE DAY I had people coming to me for a second opinion because they were told they had to replace their sewer line for 5 grand. In the two years I spent drain cleaning, I only came across a whopping FOUR people that actually needed their sewer line replaced and well over a hundred that were told they had to. Here are some of the many tactics these companies use:

-The most common one is that they couldn’t get their blades past a blockage so the line must be broken. If this were true, the blades would come back with either mud on them, or completely clean and shiny. Even then, there are lots of other reasons why they could be shiny so it’s not a definite break in the line.

-They clean the line with small or sometimes even no blades. If it’s the mainline, at least 3 inch blades should be used. Preferably 4 inch though. But some companies don’t do that. So they will poke a hole into the blockage, and everything will run just fine...for a few days. Shortly after, that tiny hole will close again and you’ll call them back out. They’ll try to convince you it’s because the line is broken when it’s not.

-They make you think roots in the mainline are a huge deal and the line must be replaced. Roots are the most common cause of sewer line backups. It’s incredibly common and should be expected if you have a tree near your sewer line. Some people will go ten years before their first root caused backup because it can take time for the roots to get through the pipe. Your sewer line is still in good shape. Just get it snaked every year and use root killer to slow the growth. 

-They scope the line and find bellies with sitting water or small offsets. While not ideal, most houses have them and it’s not necessarily a big deal. It’s something to keep an eye on, not waste 5-10 grand on.

Here’s some general tips regarding the trade:

-If the company doesn’t have the prices online, don’t tell them if you’re renting out the house. If you’re a landlord they’ll assume you’ve got extra cash and up charge you.

-If your basement has a floor drain, get a $10 water alarm. If it ever backs up, you’ll know immediately and stop the spread of water before it causes massive amounts of damage. This is particularly important if you don’t go into the basement often. I once went to an elderly lady’s house that had a foot of water in the basement. She was too old to go downstairs and didn’t notice the smell because she was hooked up to an oxygen tank thingy. Decades of memories stored in boxed were destroyed. 

-If you have a sewer line scoped, make sure you see them do it yourself. They like to swap footage with another house and act like your line is broken. Also make sure they use at least 3 inch blades on your mainline. Also make sure to get a copy of the footage. You can send it to multiple companies and they’ll usually give you their opinion for free so you don’t need it scoped multiple times!

-Clean out the p-traps to your sinks. I’ve had dozens of people call me to spend five minutes unscrewing their trap, cleaning it out, the putting it back. When I try to tell them that it’s easy to do yourself they say they don’t mess around with anything plumbing related. But seriously, watch a two minute video and do it yourself in 5 minutes and save a hundred bucks. 

-DO NOT FLUSH ANYTHING DOWN THE TOILET UNLESS IT CAME OUT OF YOU, OR ITS TOILET PAPER!!!! It doesn’t matter if your wipes say they’re “flushable”. it doesn’t matter if it’s “just a few tampons”. It doesn’t matter if you “didn’t think your kid was dumb enough to flush his cat stuffed animal”. Don’t do it! Just because it gets past the toilet doesn’t mean it gets through the whole line. If you’re flushing wipes or tampons, there’s a good chance your just collecting them and one day you will be met with a very unpleasant surprise. I’ve seen anywhere from a couple tampons clogging the line to filling up HALF OF A FIVE GALLON BUCKET with tampons. The only thing worse than spending 10 hours fishing for tampons is spending a thousand bucks for someone to fish for your tampons.

There’s a lot more to it but I’m doubtful many will even read this. Which is a shame because I saw people getting scammed every single day and it’s easily avoidable. Most people don’t know much of this and these companies know that. And they take advantage of it.

Edit: I forgot to mention, don’t use any draino or anything similar. It’s very acidic. It can melt away pipes overtime and does a very poor job anyways. It usually only pokes holes into things. Save your pipes and clean out the trap yourself by hand, or call someone to do it.

Also, I highly recommend never using a snake yourself for the mainline, or even really a kitchen line. I have no idea how places like Home Depot are allowed to rent them out to just anyone. I know people that were trained to use them and still lost a finger. If you’re not incredibly familiar with it you can go from being just fine to missing a finger in literally a split second. Spend the extra hundred dollars and have a professional do it. It takes a long time to be trained to use it and messing up or not knowing how to use it properly can cost you a finger or two.

Also, if your toilets start to bubble/gargle when you run any water, your line is most likely going to be backing up. You could have a backup in one minute, or in a week. It’s best to have someone out ASAP!

People are asking why you shouldn’t use the snake yourself or how I could cause a lot of damage. [This is why. BE WARNED, THIS IS NSFW AND GOREY. And this isn’t even the worst that can happen!](https://www.reddit.com/r/awfuleverything/comments/ibdelp/got_a_piece_of_my_pinky_finger_ripped_off_by_an/?utm_source=shareutm_medium=ios_apputm_name=iossmf)

Also, drain cleaners love kitchen sink disposals because it keeps them in business. The more food you put down, the more likely it will get clogged. Especially avoid greasy foods, egg shells, and coffee grounds. If you’d like to avoid a backup, don’t put any food down the sink and use a paper towel to wipe off excess grease on dishes!

As much as I would love to, it has become impossible to keep up with all of these comments! If you have a question, I’d recommend saving this post and then messaging me in a day or two! Thanks for all of the awards! I hope this post can help you save some money and make scammer companies lose some business!
		-- u/ImConfusedAllThaTime, 57038 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Most portable or "standalone" air conditioners do not actually cool and are a scam.

Why YSK: Anything that claims to cool a room by just plugging into an outlet is lying to you. 

There is no such thing as "generating coldness" - this violates the laws of thermodynamics. All air conditioners operate on the principle of transferring heat, either through pumping a quantity of refrigerant between an indoor and outdoor unit or through evacuating heat through a discharge duct from a heat exchanger.

Most common household air conditioning units are comprised of a copper coil and a fan in the indoor machine, and a copper coil, fan and pump on the outdoor machine, with a pair of copper pipes running between them. The fans point at the coils, and the conductivity of the copper and refrigerant combined with the movement of air by the fan reduce the temperature in a space. This is why an outdoor AC unit blows hot air when you stand next to it.

Portable AC units can only work if they have somewhere to send heat - some do this with a piece of insulated flexible duct going out of a window or into a roof space, others do it by drawing cool water from the mains, heating it with fans and either discharging somewhere or sending it somewhere else e.g. a boiler or greywater tank.

The only (partial) exception is evaporative cooling, which operates by adding water vapour to the air to bring the temperature down. These do not function when humidity exceeds a certain point in a space you're trying to cool, and are of questionable effectiveness outside of fairly arid regions. You can pair them with a dehumidifier to work a little more effectively, but they still wont compare to a proper AC. Other, non-portable evaporative coolers operate by being (for example) roof-mounted, and cool the space by 'sweating' - however, again, once it's humid enough outside, it simply won't be effective. These are fairly common in places like rural australia and the middle east.

Please don't buy a gimmicky "cooling dyson fan" - you'll be disappointed; it does nothing more than a normal pedestal fan.
		-- u/ivanosauros, 12730 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Most women cannot orgasm from penetration alone. It does not make you less of a man for letting her get off

Why YSK: Being able to give your partner better sexual pleasures can be a great thing for the both of you.

Fingering, mouth, sex toys,  and so on. See what works best for her. If anything, it makes you more of a man to think about what she needs and desires instead of only focusing on yourself. 

https://www.nbcnews.com/better/lifestyle/orgasm-gap-why-it-exists-what-women-can-do-about-ncna983311

https://metro.co.uk/2017/09/02/how-many-times-do-women-need-to-explain-that-penetration-isnt-everything-before-everyone-gets-it-6896506/

Many women are afraid of bruising men's ego's, them taking it violently, etc. So they take mediocre or even bad sex over telling them.

The penis to a lot of women is secondary, while the foreplay tends to be the main event. Not saying that the penis isn't important, but it's just not as important as some men believe that it is.

Edit: I did not mean "letting her" as a bad thing. I'm a woman by the way. I just mean that "some" (not all men), think of having a woman having orgasms or doing extra stuff for her is extra work/a chore for "some" of them. Like, it's not something that they worry about as long as they get theirs.

It might seem like a cliche, but it's true. Communication is key. Listen to the sounds that they make during sex, ask them what they prefer after you've both had sex. Let your partner feel comfortable enough to share something like that with what they don't like and what they do like.

Each person is different, what one person might like during sex, another person might not.

Some people have lower sex drive as well. That's a thing that happens. Women and men can both have a low sex drive. Some people have average, low, or high sex drive. So even if they don't have an orgasm even after everything you've done to help them try and have one, it might just be that they have a low sex drive as well.
		-- u/Snarkyandcosy, 15853 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: Movies and TV shows misrepresent drowning. In reality, most often there is no splashing or shouting, actual drowning is silent.

Why YSK: Being able to recognize the actual signs of drowning will enable you to recognize when someone might be in dire need of help. If everyone would learn, we could maybe prevent a few drowning deaths.

As commentators have pointed out, please note that people obviously react differently and shouting for help/actual signs of distress shouldn't be ignored either. Also, only get in the water yourself to help if you are **certain** you are capable to do so! Getting yourself into a dangerous situation without proper training can lead to serious injury. Panicked swimmers will also instinctively grab at you and might pull you under as well, so be careful. If in doubt, seek help by a professional/life guard!

People drowning will often not wave at others to get help, will not shout and will not splash around a lot, especially younger children or if they have been exhausted by prior efforts to save themselves. Typical signs of a person drowning and in dire need of help are:

* Head tilted back
* Mouth at water level, probably dipping below surface at times  repeatedly
* No shouting or waving, instead arms are spread out laterally or sometimes looking like they are trying to climb a ladder/grasping at nothing
* Body is in vertical position in the water
* Eyes appear glassy/empty

All of this especially applies to toddlers, who will just sink like a stone when falling into water - due to their diving reflex, which basically makes them hold their breath and not move.You can read more about all of this here: [https://www.thepragmaticparent.com/quick-silent-deadly-know-5-signs-drowning/](https://www.thepragmaticparent.com/quick-silent-deadly-know-5-signs-drowning/) or just google "silent drowning", there is a lot of info out there.

Further info: If someone is just floating lifelessly in the water (especially head down) get them out asap as well.

  
If you or someone else has almost drowned, ALWAYS go to the hospital, even if you or them seem fine. There are secondary, potentially deadly health concerns connected to almost drowning that absolutely need to be checked by a medical professional.

\[EDIT: Updated post to include "climbing ladder movement" as mentioned by two commentators\]  
\[EDIT 2: Thanks for the awards and upvotes, everyone. I never thought this would blow up this much. I have edited the post, since a few commentators have pointed out a few key things I think are wort mentioning. If you want to know more, I also recommend reading up about the subject, a good starting point may be Wikipedia, as always: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drowning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drowning) \]
		-- u/paradogz, 22395 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: NASA has been uploading daily Astronomy pictures since 1995

Why YSK: Currently, a huge percentage of people in the world dont truly understand how beautiful space is with it's vast beauties, and I want to expose this rather unkown archive with over 6000 images and diagrams taken from outer space. In addition, all of these images are usable without copyright because NASA is a public funded company.

[Here is the full archive.](https://apod.nasa.gov/apod/archivepixFull.html)
		-- u/MrGuccu, 17364 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: NO ONE is thinking about you as much as you think they are. And that's perfectly fine. - A 2018 study found that most people don't care about you because their brains are wired to only think about themselves.

*Why YSK*: A lot of people tend to live life worrying too much about what others think of them. While it might be a scary thought, a lot of people need to realize that people just aren't thinking about them. And that's fine! Research has shown the human brain has been wired to be selfish and care more about itself. So live life to the fullest and stop worrying about what others think about you! Source: [No One Is Thinking About You And That's Perfectly Fine!](https://sleepbattle.com/no-one-is-thinking-about-you/)
		-- u/readcommentbackwards, 48521 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Nearly 1.7 million jack stands sold by Harbor Freight have been recalled due to risk of collapse. If you have any 6-ton or 3-ton models with the model numbers: 61196, 61197, or 56371 do not use them!

My earlier post was taken down for being about social media. This time I didn't include the link. You can get a refund if you return the jack stands to Harbor Freight. Stay safe.
		-- u/DarkRyuujin, 21173 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK: Never attempt to open or disassemble a microwave unless you know what you are doing.

Why YSK? There are large capacitors that hold a lethal amount of electrical energy, that is still energised for long periods of time after the microwave has been unplugged.

Edit: 15 hours in and 1.3mil people have read this, according to the stats.

Have a quick read on CPR and INFANT CPR, it's a 10 minute read that decreases the mortality rate significantly whilst waiting for emergency services. https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/yak6km/ysk_never_attempt_to_open_or_disassemble_a/itbrkl4?utm_medium=android_apputm_source=sharecontext=3

Stay safe all.
		-- u/SauceOfPower, 18142 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: Never kiss a baby or child's ear. It can cause damage and hearing loss.

Why YSK:  "An innocent kiss right on the ear opening creates a strong suction that tugs on the delicate eardrum, resulting in a recently recognized condition known as "cochlear ear-kiss injury." Babies and small children are particularly vulnerable to hearing damage via a kiss, simply because their ear canals are smaller." 

***To clarify, even a firmly planted kiss without physically "sucking" can cause this.  It's similar to how plungers work.

Source:. https://hearinglosshelp.com/blog/kiss-of-deaf-or-reiters-ear-kiss-syndrome-reks/
		-- u/Snuggly-Muffin, 14755 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Never plug in a flash drive you don't recognize to a computer you care about. Malicious USB devices can hack or fry your computer.

There exist devices that look like flash drives, but actually **emulate keyboards to hack your computer, or use capacitors to fry your computer.**

**Do not plug in a flash drive you do not recognize into a computer you care about!** Also, if you lose your flash drive for awhile, it might have been converted to a malicious USB. 

I made a meme to demonstrate:

https://i.imgur.com/qVR6F49.jpg

The flash drives that emulate keyboards (known as "Bad USB" or "Rubbery Ducky") come with scripts that covertly open command prompts on your computer and execute scripts. These can cost less than $5, repurposing an original flash drive.. [Here is a short, fictional, educational episode demonstrating  how this works.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eriptvQ1BHg)

Flash drives that *fry* your computer are known as "USB killers". They use capacitors to charge up from the USB port, and then send the power back to "tase" your computer. [Here is a short video demonstrating the effect.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hbuhFwFsDU). These can cost from $30 to $100.

If you find a USB device laying around at a place of business or work, give it to your boss or sysadmin. Unknown flash drives should be  investigated on an expendable computer (such as a Raspberry Pi) in a non-networked environment. More advanced Bad USBs can come with a SIM card and cell modem built in, giving it the ability to "phone home" even on a non-networked computer.

Why YSK: This is a very common method for cyberattacks. [The US hacked the Iran nuclear program just by leaving USB drives around](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuxnet), but this attack is effective to target almost anyone.
		-- u/lynndotpy, 12752 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: New method to bypass youtube's ad blocker detection

Why YSK: To not waste time on advertisements

As you probably know youtube has a new method to "detect" the usage of adblockers. And since everyone wants to waste their time on videos and not on advertisements, follow these steps to go around youtube's new method and use adblocker.

**Step 1:** Turn off all browser extensions (which are related to adblocking and/or youtube) and remove (or disable) any ad blockers. After that restart your browser.

**Step 2:** Install the browser extension ublock origin.

**Step 3:** Go to ublock settings interface

**Step 4:** Click on the tab "My Filters"

**Step 5:** Copy and paste the following code and save the changes.

youtube.com##+js(set,yt.config\_.openPopupConfig.supportedPopups.adBlockMessageViewModel, false)

youtube.com##+js(set, Object.prototype.adBlocksFound, 0)

youtube.com##+js(set, ytplayer.config.args.raw\_player\_response.adPlacements, \[\])

youtube.com##+js(set, Object.prototype.hasAllowedInstreamAd, true)

**Step 6:** Restart your browser and enjoy ad free youtube.

Extra notes:

If this doesn't work try the following:

Uninstall ublock and reinstall.Check for interfering extensions (youtube enhancers / adblockers)Empty cache

Enjoy :)

		-- u/Cryptlsch, 11467 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: No matter how much your workplace pushes "family culture" - remember, they're not your friends and it's still a workplace.

Why YSK: my gf learned this the hard - she worked every hour under the sun for a startup and when she wasn't working would spend evenings with them in a social capacity. She got fired last year due to the company having cash flow issues and all of them stopped responding to her messages. She put so much work into trying to make the company successful and sacrificed other parts of her life for them, but they didn't really give a shit about her. I'm not saying go around and be a dick to people for no reason, but it's better to build relationships outside of work or in places where there aren't any power imbalances or incentives to screw people over.
		-- u/hoiwebw23, 17778 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: No matter how tough the times are, you should always do your due diligence on any job leads.

Why YSK: I am lucky enough to be a part of a rapidly growing company. We have recently become aware of some entities that are using the names of people in our founding circle to lure and defraud job seekers. They are promising jobs at my firm that don't exist, but are harvesting personal info, and trying to get candidates to buy "needed" items ahead of starting a job. Check everything out. Look for a formal job posting. Talk to a human. Assess the situation and see if it passes the sniff test. Be safe out there.
		-- u/SDBioBiz, 21409 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Not every child who is abused is aware of it.

 

This  might sound bizarre to many. But it is possible for severely abused  children's brains to develop an coping mechanism which blocks off the  memories of the abuse.

I was  abused by my parent in multiple different ways over the course of 11  years, and the memories of the abuse only started to return to my  awareness 10 years after it had ended.

If  you suspect a child does not have everything alright at home, please  try to get them help. Do not expect that a child would just tell if they  are getting abused. Even if they did remember it, they might be  literally scared for their life, and then there are those like me, who  can't tell or ask for help for themselves.

Why YSK? You can save a child's life.  Just because I wasn't aware of it until later in my life doesn't mean it did not cause me or my life issues. I really wish someone would had seen the signs and tried to get me the help I needed.
		-- u/Me_And_Myselfs, 10642 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Not to go into the attic of a flooding house

WHY YSK: It may get to a point where you need to access higher ground and cannot. 

I saw a post of someone doing this, so I figured with everything going on with hurricane Ian this would be a good time to let people know if they didn’t already. Do not go in the attic of a flooding house, and if you must, bring a ladder and an axe in case you need to go higher. If the water rises too much, you will be unable to get out and you will drown. Sit on the roof.
		-- u/No_Cryptographer5870, 19925 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: One large 18” pizza is larger than two 12” mediums.

Why YSK: because two mediums is typically more expensive and more crust. There’s the topping variety argument, but you can always do half and half. 

π r ² = area

[2 mediums] 3.14 x 6 ² x 2 = 226.08

[1 large] 3.14 x 9 ²  = 254.34

It’s blowing my mind and my world is upside down.
		-- u/EsteTre, 23961 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Paper towels are not recyclable

Why YSK: Though paper towels often start as wood, cardboard or paper by-products - these materials are beaten into a pulp and their natural fibers are broken down in the process. This, combined with the chemical treatments the final products go through as well as the glues, softeners, bleach and other additives in most paper towels makes even clean products unsuitable for recycling. Most paper towels encounter food waste and other heavily contaminated materials during use that make them further unsuited for recycling. 

Alternatives: If you're hoping to be more green, try looking for paper towels brands made from 100% recycled material, using washable cloth options, or even finding a brand that can be composed. 

For years I’ve been throwing my paper towels in the recycling because I assumed “paper” in the name automatically made them recyclable, so I hope this is helpful!
		-- u/KingArthur973, 11521 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Pepper spray is a better self defense tool than tasers

I learned this from my criminal psych professor in college. He worked as a police officer for 20+ years and has been both pepper sprayed AND tasered and this is based off his professional opinion. 

For starters, pepper spray is brutal. (For those who have been pepper sprayed or tasered, share your thoughts on the pain!) 

For starters, it can be sprayed from a distance (just watch out for wind!) Pepper spray is an inflammatory agent that attacks the central nervous system. Pepper spray causes involuntary eye closure (temporary blindness), tearing, restricted breathing, coughing, choking and a strong burning sensation that can last between 30 to 45 minutes before dissipating. The beauty of pepper spray is its effects are immediate due to its inflammatory properties. Pepper spray provides protection from up to 25 feet away. As a rule of thumb and self defense industry standard, other pepper sprays and OC sprays generally offer a 8-12 feet range for small units.

Tasers on the other hand are shockingly effective (haha) and you can neutralize a threat from up to 15 feet away. The effects last up to 30 seconds which gives you some time to get away. A good quality taser can be more than $100.

Although tasers are a well-known self-defense tool, it pales in comparison to its chemical agent counterpart. The high price tag, necessary precision, limited penetration ability and restrictions by state doesn’t make it the best option. You can purchase a $10 taser off amazon, but all those other drawbacks still apply.

Pepper spray can stop a threat up to the same distance (15 feet) and even further. One of the best features is that it can immobilize an attacker for up to 45 minutes (much longer than a 30 second ride). Along with that it is legal in all 50 states, they are affordable and easy to use. Just be wary on windy days! 

So really, it’s a no-brainer. When it comes to self-defense products, pepper spray is on top. If you are looking for the best brand,  DPS pepper spray is the way to go.

Why YSK: I know for myself (21f) when I moved out and into a city by myself everyone told me that I need some sort of self defense tool. For others who are looking to buy a self defense tool, this can help narrow down the search and give you some info on what tool is best for your use.

EDIT: I’m seeing a lot of people post about pepper gel which I didn’t know about. I don’t know anything about pepper gel and it seems like a great alternative to the spray!
		-- u/Temporary-Warthog250, 20680 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Positive reinforcement goes a long way.

Why YSK: praise is one of the main drivers in human psychology. We focus too often on scolding or pointing out the wrongs, but very rarely make others notice their rights. In arguments, take time to acknowledge and praise intellectual honesty or the admission of a mistake. It will make the conversation way easier and more productive, making you look like a good listener and a fair debater. With kids, compliment them when they do the right thing rather than waiting for an error. Learning goes both ways, and it's much more effective when people feel pride rather than shame.

EDIT: grammar
		-- u/JeanValjean1789, 18368 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: Rabbits live 10-15 years, and require quite a bit of time, effort, and most importantly, space. If one is abandoned, most die within 24 hours. Please do your research before getting one as a pet.

Why YSK:  Lots of people get rabbits on/around Easter and think they're low maintenance, easy pets that they can just cram in a tiny cage and forget about.  When they realize rabbits aren't as cuddly as cats and their medical care is far more expensive than they thought it'd be (rabbits need to go to exotic vets), they abandon them.  Pet rabbit breeds left to fend for themselves outside normally *die* within 24 hours.

Please, please do your research if you or anyone you know is thinking about getting a bunny.  They are wonderful, caring creatures with huge personalities and make great companions.  Problem is, most people don't know the proper way to take care of a bun.  Which isn't necessarily anyone's fault, but at the end of the day, if a rabbit dies due to neglect, it doesn't matter if it was on purpose or not.  

#Food

One example that springs to mind is there are rabbit "feed" mixes being sold in major pet stores that have _sunflower seeds_ in them.  The fat content of seeds, and the husks can cause GI issues, which will more than likely kill a rabbit being taken care of by an inexperienced caretaker.  Rabbits have _very_ fragile stomachs and require a specific diet.  I know it's popular to see rabbits portrayed in media as eating lots of carrots, but a diet heavy in carrots can actually also kill your little friend.

[Here's some resources from the House Rabbit Society on how to feed a pet bunny](https://rabbit.org/feeding-the-proper-diet/).  TL;DR would be, they need access to _unlimited_ hay* (timothy hay is the standard diet), get 1/4 cup per 5lb body weight per day of pellets ([oxbow](https://www.oxbowanimalhealth.com/our-products/fortified-food/essentials-adult-rabbit-food/) is a great company to buy from.), few cups of fresh greens ([here's a list of greens they can eat](https://rabbit.org/suggested-vegetables-and-fruits-for-a-rabbit-diet), remember what I said about sensitive stomachs?  They're incapable of passing gas, so this needs to be kept in mind when feeding greens), and _very little_ "treat" food.  Rabbits have a sweet tooth, so they'll give you the puppy dog eyes when you only give them a small slice of banana, but it's for their own good.

Note: Hay should be easily available/eaten.  There are loads of "cute" hay feeders like [this](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71JlYtKK2kL._AC_SX466_.jpg), but not only do those not hold sufficient hay to keep a rabbit healthy, it makes eating very difficult.  If a rabbit doesn't have hay to eat constantly, this **will** cause GI issues that can lead to death.

**IF YOUR BUN HAS NOT EATEN OR DRANK IN 24 HOURS OR HAS A SIGNIFICANTLY DECREASED APPETITE GET THEM TO THE VET/PET ER IMMEDIATELY**

-----

#Water

On the heels of food, water is obviously also important.  Rabbits require [~50-150 mL/kg of fresh, cold water per day](http://wabbitwiki.com/wiki/Diet#Water).  They tend to be a little picky, so providing them with fresh water twice per day increases water intake, which is *very* important for GI health (noticing a trend here?).  Sipper bottles are _okay_, but heavy bottomed ceramic bowls are preferable, as rabbits will more often than not drink more from them.  A 2kg rabbit can drink more water per day than a 10kg dog!!

-----

#Habitat

The next big thing I think is important to stress is how much space they need.  Rabbits required, at a _minimum_ four times their body size in a cage, and that's if they have several hours of unrestricted time outside.  If they're primarily being confined, their spaces should be much, much bigger.  Ideally in exercise pen [designed for medium to large dogs](https://www.amazon.com/MidWest-Foldable-Metal-Exercise-Playpen/dp/B000H8YTJI).  It should also be noted that if they're in a cage, the cage should **NEVER** have a metal grate floor, or ideally a metal floor at all.  The wire mesh flooring damages the sensitive paws of rabbits, which can lead to sores/cuts and eventually lead to infection requiring amputation.

Rabbits should also have access to lots of toys and things to do, as they are naturally playful, energetic animals.  They love to knock down toilet paper rolls, throw around [baby stacking cups](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61A1epSF64L._AC_SL1000_.jpg), or [baby keys](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41gZu7fJlAL._AC_SY1000_.jpg).  They also love to chew!  Chewing is important, as their teeth never stop growing, and they need to keep them filed.  The best thing to get them to chew is soft, untreated wood that _WILL NOT SPLINTER_.  [Small pet select](https://shop.smallpetselect.com/collections/natural-toys-and-chews-for-rabbits) has a wide selection of chew toys that are safe for Rabbits.  It's a bit of a guessing game on what they'll like, so you might find yourself buying several toys they never touch.  It is, however, very important for them to feel stimulated, otherwise they'll find other outlets for their chewing.  This includes your carpet, your base boards and your power cables.  The last one is particularly a problem, as chewing live power cables will likely burn your poor little pet's mouth (btw this is a good time to mention that you should [bunny proof your home](https://myhouserabbit.com/rabbit-care/bunny-proofing-your-house/)).

Rabbits also love to play/hide/jump, so things like cardboard boxes or boxes made of untreated wood can be made into a little bunny fortress that will provide them with endless fun :).  Bonus points if it's modular.  They go absolutely bananas if you move things around slightly.

Rabbits also absolutely _DO NOT_ tolerate high temperatures.  Anything over 75 is dangerous, especially if they're outdoor rabbits, and speaking of outdoor rabbits, it's just all around not recommended.  Rabbits should ideally be kept inside to avoid predators and poisonous plants.  Over the years, these little guys have lost their ability to tell apart safe/poisonous plants and will happily munch on something that can cause harm. There are also a laundry list of parasites/diseases that are endemic to the US that can kill a pet rabbit.  This isn't actually specific to them, either.  Most wild hares/rabbits don't live longer than a year.

-----

#General wellbeing

Rabbits are social creatures, and as such, they do _much_ better when paired with another, bonded rabbit.  I would not recommend getting one rabbit unless you can dedicate large amounts of time to interacting and being with it, and even then, most rabbits prefer the company of another rabbit than that of a human.  Being alone/lonely can result in a whole host of negative health effects.  If you already have just one, or you're thinking about getting another, you should also know that it's not as easy as just dumping them into a room together.  Bonding can be a [relatively long process](https://rabbit.org/articles/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Bonding-Bunnies-PPforrabbit.org_.pdf) and doesn't always end up working out.  Some buns just aren't meant for each other.

I guess to wrap things up before I ramble on for too long, please, please make sure you know what you're getting in to before you get a bun, and if you know someone who already has one that isn't following some of this advice, please direct them to some of the resources I've linked and that I'll link below.  The rabbit community is very passionate and we're all more than willing to help in any way.  We're not here to judge anyone.  We just want what's best for all pet rabbits in the world.

p.s.  Please don't *buy* your rabbit from a breeder.  More often than not, they're kept in squalid conditions and horrendously abused.  There are plenty of [buns available for adoption](https://www.petfinder.com/search/rabbits-for-adoption/), so just like with dogs and cats, adopt don't shop.

#further reading

https://myhouserabbit.com/ - tons of great information

https://wabbitwiki.com/wiki/Main_Page - community run page with lots of information on how to take care of your pet bun.

https://rabbit.org/ - The house rabbit society is AMAZING!!! I can't mention the V word, otherwise the post gets auto removed, but they're run by people who aren't paid and only help because they want rabbits to be happy and healthy :)

https://www.reddit.com/r/Rabbits/ - reddit community of people who are more than willing to help you with _anything_ you could possibly ask.

https://rabbit.org/vet-listings/ - a list of rabbit savvy vets.  If your vet isn't specifically trained in rabbits, they can very easily miss common health concerns that can lead to death.

There's loads more I didn't cover here, but hopefully this is enough to help anyone get started.

Edit: I forgot about this, and I'm not sure how but **NEVER EVER BATHE YOUR BUNNY**, their fur makes it very difficult for them to get completely dry and they'll become hypothermic. The only time it's ever appropriate to bathe them is if they have severe diarrhea and have made a mess.  In that case you MUST be very sure they're completely dry.

Thank you, u/anaesthaesia
		-- u/IRefuseToGiveAName, 27946 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Rather than telling a child he or she is bad/wrong, identify and label just the behavior.

Why ysk: This will keep them from identifying themselves as "bad".

Then remind them of their own power to change the negative behavior by helping them find a positive alternative.
		-- u/magicalrere, 11408 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Robinhood isn't the only brokerage that offers commission-free stock trading

**Why YSK: Many people who joined Robinhood did so to avoid the commission fees charged by other brokerage firms. However, commission-free trading is a much more standard practice than it was a few years ago. While Robinhood may deserve credit for this, it doesn't mean you have to stick with them.**

You've probably heard about their response to the Gamestop incident, so I won't reiterate it. However, this isn't the first time Robinhood's business practices have sparked controversy. If you're not informed enough to be trusted with what freedom they *do* give you, you have other options, like a robo-investor. And if you're an active and informed trader, or you just really want to blow your money on GME stock to make a point, you're not even in their target market.

I'll refrain from recommending a particular service, as I'm not a professional and it's *extremely* important to read the fine print. Some brokerages may offer commission-free trades as a temporary promotion, and some will offset the reduced cost by charging customers in less obvious ways, a practice Robinhood has been accused of. You should *always* know what you're getting into.

EDIT: A few more things: First of all, a lot of people are angry at Robinhood right now. I'm one of them. However, please don't impulsively sell stocks or close your accounts without knowing how long the liquidation process takes, what you're gonna do with your money, and what a "wash sale" is.

Secondly, there are a lot of false as well as confusing reports about the Gamestop incident, including which companies are doing what, so be careful when trying to piece it together.

And finally, RIP my inbox.
		-- u/[deleted], 26611 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Sal Khan, founder and CEO of Khan Academy, created over 6,500 videos that can educate you (for most undergrad classes) on almost every topic in physics, math, astrology, history, economics and finance FOR FREE. His videos are great extensions to learning and help fill gaps of knowledge.

You can check his videos out on YouTube and Khan Academy!
		-- u/dbreggs22, 60517 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: School's value doesn't come from the information you learn, but the underlying skills it teaches.

School does teach you some applicable information in the classes you take. Maybe you won't apply what you learn about the war of 1812, but I've actually applied calculus knowledge to everyday tasks more than once. 

That being said... In my opinion, it isn't the stuff you learn in the individual classes that is valuable, it's the life skills that the entirety of school teaches you. 

You learn social skills. How to not only interact with people on the same level as you (friends) but also people that are in positions of power (teachers/faculty). This gives you a start to integrating into a workplace environment where you'll have colleagues and bosses. 

It teaches you time management. Learning how to balance homework and projects is no different than meeting deadlines at work. And quality matters too.  

It teaches you applicable knowledge in terms of computer skills. Learning how to use Outlook beyond just sending emails (tasks, calendars, etc), using excel beyond just keeping lists, using power point beyond just creating a happy birthday print out,... All of this will make you look like a god amongst your peers. (Vlookups in excel are like voodoo to the people I work with)  

Overall, school teaches you how to function in society. You may not realize it if you're in your teen years, in class while you read this, but I promise you what you're learning in school today will help you in life for the long haul. 

Jim that you play basketball with every day during lunch? You don't know it know it now, but you'll never speak to him again after graduation. Cherish this experience and make the most of it. As you get older you're going to miss it.
		-- u/ishkabibbel2000, 13112 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK: Service Dog etiquette is to leave them alone as to not distract the dog's focus. So if they come to you for attention, immediately locate their owner as they could be using a last ditch effort to get help.

They will usually follow you, whine, bark, or otherwise try to grab your attention if this is the case.
		-- u/KissAndControlx, 58665 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Setting boundaries is a skill, not a talent. If you practice saying "no" at home, it will be easier when it really matters.

Why YSK: The more you practice simple/easy boundaries with a trusted person the more you will find yourself doing it with strangers, in high stakes situations or when it will have the biggest impact on your life. This especially important for anyone who is passive and feels they get rolled over easily by others.

Say no every now and then with a friend, partner or family member, to random/simple stuff to get used to how it feels. It might help to explain to them that you intend to do this. Here's an example.

&gt;Your friend invites you to something you don't want to go to and you said "No thanks, that's not for me"  
&gt;  
&gt;While cuddling a partner you could decide, "That's enough, now"

After a while it feels like second nature to speak up if something important doesn't feel right to you. At that point, you could try doing scarier boundaries, which most of us tend to shy away from:

&gt;Someone goes to hug you and you say, "No thanks, I don't know you well enough yet"  
&gt;  
&gt;A friend starts dumping their problems on you and you say ""I am so sorry you are having such a tough time but I'm not in the right headspace to hear this."  
&gt;  
&gt;Your boss says "I need this by Friday" and you say "That won't be possible unless you deprioritise something else"  
&gt;  
&gt;Someone makes an offensive remark and you say "That crosses the line, please don't talk like that around me"

Reddit is absolutely littered with posts describing problems caused by OP's inability to simply ask someone to stop doing the thing that's bothering them. It's everywhere.

Source: my wife is a therapist and she has literally changed my life with this shit.
		-- u/The-Sludge-Man, 16168 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Some people are covertly abusive, manipulative and controlling

Why YSK: learning to recognise the techniques and patterns of behaviour will help you protect yourself and better support friends or family suffering psychological or emotional abuse. A significant amount of harm has already been done if you have to learn this the hard way.

[Abusive power and control](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abusive_power_and_control)

[What is emotional abuse?](https://www.verywellmind.com/identify-and-cope-with-emotional-abuse-4156673)
		-- u/Y3VkZGxl, 15472 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Standard table salt (iodized salt) provides iodine—a mineral important to human health—while sea salt, kosher salt, and Himalayan salt does not.

**Why YSK:** We're favoring fancier salt, and it's leading to iodine deficiencies. Iodine deficiency is a serious problem which can be easily avoided. Include iodized table salt or other sources of iodine in your diet.

U.S.A. National Institute of Health [Iodine Fact Sheet](https://ods.od.nih.gov/factsheets/Iodine-Consumer/)

Edit: 

Thanks everyone! I learned a lot. Here's a few I want to highlight:

&gt;"From [your link](https://ods.od.nih.gov/factsheets/Iodine-Consumer/#h3): [...] You can get recommended amounts of iodine by eating a variety of foods, including the following: [...] * Fish (such as cod and tuna), seaweed, shrimp, and other seafood, which are generally rich in iodine [...] * Dairy products (such as milk, yogurt, and cheese), which are major sources of iodine in American diets [...] * Iodized salt, which is readily available in the United States and many other countries* [...] *Processed foods, such as canned soups, almost never contain iodized salt. In addition, specialty salts, such as sea salt, kosher salt, Himalayan salt, and fleur de sel, are not usually iodized. Product labels will indicate if the salt is “iodized” or provides iodide." -u/the_future_is_wild

&gt;"YSK: If you have a balanced diet you can ignore this "YSK". [...] Iodine is common in seafood(seaweed, fish and shellfish), dairy products and eggs." -u/hates_stupid_people

&gt;"Here’s an article with 9 non salt sources of iodine [https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/iodine-rich-foods#TOC_TITLE_HDR_2](https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/iodine-rich-foods#TOC_TITLE_HDR_2)" -u/Re-Groot

&gt;"Some other people in this thread have pointed out that iodized Himalayan/sea/kosher salt exists." -u/tous_die_yuyan

&gt;"YSK; At the same time too much iodine can wreck your thyroid - should warn about that too [...] Also, high levels of iodine can show the same symptoms as a deficiency." -u/Typical_unique_user

&gt;"This is false. Sea salt *does* contain iodine. However, this does not provide for a sufficient iodine intake." -u/sihaya-wiosnapustyni

&gt;"[great recent video about this](https://youtu.be/B00K66HivcI) " -u/EddiOS42

&gt;"you could also just take a supplement, which is a safer way to make sure you get enough iodine.  too much salt is not good of course" -u/Snuggly-Muffin

&gt;"YSK this is true in the developed nations but iodized salt is not nearly universal in developing countries. [...] Adequate iodine nutrition is *highly* correlated to improved attention in children, and is casually linked to an increase in several IQ points over the course of their education. Adequate iodine also prevents a whole host of health problem, particularly hypothyroidism and goiters. [...] Working with the salt manufacturers, it can only cost 15-40 cents to iodize salt for a child's *entire lifetime*, making this one if the most cost-effective health improvements a dollar can buy. Unfortunately, the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition may be shutting down it's salt iodization program as soon as next year due to lack of donations. [...] You can help address this and other highly cost-effective nutrition initiaves by donating here: [https://www.gainhealth.org/homepage](https://www.gainhealth.org/homepage) [...] More info: [https://www.thelifeyoucansave.org/best-charities/global-alliance-for-improved-nutrition/](https://www.thelifeyoucansave.org/best-charities/global-alliance-for-improved-nutrition/)" -u/kazoohero
		-- u/VioletInTheGlen, 13817 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Study finds that wearing sunglasses outdoors can improve your mood.

In a study conducted in 2013 by [pubmed.gov](https://pubmed.gov) [here,](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/02699931.2013.801338) it was determined that when we squint our eyes to block out the sun, it convinces our brain that we are angry or in a negative mood, because when we squint, we slant our eyebrows inward, like when we get mad. Just this action of squinting is enough to convince our brains that we are upset.

The people in the study who wore sunglasses on their walk reported feeling happier than those who did not wear sunglasses, because they did not need to squint!

Why should you know this? This can stretch to any outdoor activities, the one that comes to my mind being attending an amusement park. It's hard to stay cheery when confronted with things like hot temperatures and long lines, add on to that this idea of squint-anger, and it's no wonder people are always exhausted or grumpy by the end of the day. Not only that, people are outdoors all the time, and if everyone wore sunglasses more often, perhaps everyone would be happier. What are your thoughts? Try it out and let us know what you think.

Edit: this link seems to have the same study without the access fee: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/236854607_Sun-induced_frowning_fosters_aggressive_feelings  
  
Edit 2: as a summary of some of the comments so far: this study was shady to say the least (😎) the “facial feedback hypothesis” (this concept of facial expressions affecting our mood) has been tested since 2013 and has pretty much failed to hold up against more tests. Also wearing sunglasses in excess makes it harder for your brain to activate its defenses against sunburn, and it cuts your Vitamin D by 90% (citation needed). So wear in moderation everyone. With all this said, I still think sunglasses can have a positive effect, whatever that effect is. Good thing is this study is not that consequential, and I didn’t accidentally convince you that sunglasses cure cancer, for instance.  
  
Keep being cool, friends 😎
		-- u/Dolphinflavored, 20906 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: TEDX is not the same as TED. TEDX is produced independently of TED and talks can be given by anyone, regardless of their education or experience.

After watching an infuriatingly misinformed women speak about health issues, I thought wait, who allowed her to speak at TED with no credentials? So be careful to note if it's TEDX when you watch a talk, and take it with a grain of salt, because literally anyone can give a talk.

 https://youtu.be/d0NHOpeczUU
		-- u/notadalmation, 12815 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: Taking a video of your rental car when you pick it up may save you from false damage claims.

**Why YSK:** So I picked up my rental. It was an SUV in a mountain town and had some scratches in typical places. The hatch area from people dragging their luggage out, scratches around the handles, deep scratches around the fenders and front end, likely from people talking it off-road.

I had been taking pictures of my rentals for years, and then videos of rentals ever since a rental company tried charging me for a windshield crack that was already there.

Anyway, they tried claiming I did the scratches on the front end and fenders. I told them I didn't, they didn't believe me. Started talking about how I needed to pay for the damage or they were going to charge my insurance, blah blah. I pulled out my phone and showed the video, and she gave up the fight right there. The look on her face was actually worth the hassle. 

This was with Avis, for anyone curious.
		-- u/Desert-Frost, 12814 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Taking the time to relearn how to properly care for your body while performing our day to day routines will save you money and a lot of pain in the future

Why YSK: Our bodies have an amazing capacity to heal, but incorrectly handling day to day tasks can cause wear and tear leading to irreparable damage. Sometimes not even surgery can fix the damage.

I'm going to list below some tips that I never properly learned while growing up. Now I have to deal with the consequences because somethings can't be fixed. I encourage you to look through the list because I had no idea until I started having issues:

Dental care: There are proper ways to brush your teeth. Brushing your teeth too hard, too long or with a hard brush scrapes off enamel and makes your gums recede. You might not notice because it happens slowly overtime. But one day your roots will be exposed and your teeth will be permanently yellow (the dentin under your enamel is yellowish brown). This is expensive to fix with gum grafts and eventually dentures. Seriously. Get an electric tooth brush or a very soft/soft tooth brush. DO NOT buy a 'hard' toothbrush.

[Source](https://www.everydayhealth.com/hs/sensitive-teeth/brush-teeth-too-hard/)

Blowing your nose: There is also a proper way to blow your nose. You need to blow gently and NEVER completely compress one nostril. The mucus can't go out the closed nostril obviously, so all you're doing is forcing it through your Eustachian tube and your middle ear. This causes ear infections which slowly degrade your hearing overtime. The middle ear is behind your ear drum and can't be drained through your ear canal (unless your ear drum bursts). Also depending on the pathogen this can potentially be life threatening being near your eyes and brain.

[Source](https://wexnermedical.osu.edu/blog/3-risks-of-blowing-your-nose-too-hard)

Picking/cleaning your nose: Don't be too rough 'picking your nose' either with your fingers or kleenex. The skin in your nostrils is thin and can be permenently damaged causing frequent nose bleeds. I pretty much think about a kleenex and my nose starts bleeding. To my knowledge the only way to fix this issue is to have the area cauterized because I've worn the tissue down too far to heal.

[Sauce](https://www.medhealthdaily.com/nasal-cauterization/)

Posture and muscle instabilities: If you workout or are in a physically taxing job you can build imbalances in your muscles. In my case I worked my chest and biceps more than my back and had daily back pain for 4-5 years before I realized what was going on. I had 'Upper Cross Syndrome' where my chest was way tighter than my back muscles. The picture on this source has a better explanation but once I started working my back more all of my back pain went away. Edit: I'm going to elaborate if you have this syndrome: your butt should not stick out when you stand. Curl your hips forward a bit and make sure your palms of you hands are facing in front of you not behind. Then look straight forward. That is a healthy posture. Now just get into the routine of reminding yourself constantly to correct yourself if you stop holding that position. 

[Source](https://www.builtlean.com/upper-lower-cross-syndrome/) 

This is an addition from u/kutsen39:
"I would also like to say, when you pick something (heavy, like a box or something) up off the ground, don't bend at the waist, bend at the knees and stick your ass out (which is basically a squat with good form)." 

Seriously: ONE back injury can ruin your life. From picking up a damn box. This is one of the most important in my opinion.  Lift with your legs while your back is arched. If you can't lift it like that you need a tool or help. It isn't worth changing the quality of your life potentially long term. This actually happened to my dad. Threw his back out in a factory, was on disability the rest of his life and died of obesity. 

Wear sunscreen especially if you're exposed to the sun for more than an hour a day... Yes, even if its overcast outside. Its annoying but so is dying from cancer.

[Do I really need a source for this?](https://www.fda.gov/drugs/understanding-over-counter-medicines/sunscreen-how-help-protect-your-skin-sun)

Honorable mention: Most people don't need to shampoo your hair daily. It only wastes money and dries your hair out. If you switch from daily shampooing to once every other day it takes a bit for your scalp to adjust and lower oil production but it is worth it in the long run. Also u/ligerdrag20 pointed out that some people shouldn't brush their hair while wet but it depends on your hair type! If you're concerned do a bit of research for your hair. 

[Source](https://www.webmd.com/beauty/features/how-often-wash-hair#1)

Alright that is all I can think of right now. If anyone wants to add or dispute any of these points please let me know and I'll correct it.

Edit: sorry im on nights rn so I was asleep and updating this with all of these great ideas is like taking care of a child haha 

This comment is from u/mo_jack and he's damn right:

"One thing I would add is to actively take part in your health. In addition to diet  exercise, see your doctor when things don't feel right, especially if it's gone on for a prolonged period of time. Have discussions with your doctors, with actual two-way communication. Don't just sit there like a bump on a log. This is your one  only life and you will have to live (or not live) with the consequences. Get second opinions, especially if you are in a country with for-profit healthcare. If you are groggy, drugged up or sleep deprived because of your condition, get someone to go with you."

Other great ideas: get a squatty potty and don't push hard while poopin'. If you can't get it out wait a while, do some exercise to stimulate your bowels, or do a few body weight squats in place. Sometimes that can help move things along but if it's stuck fleet enemas are godsends. If an enema doesn't get it out consider going to the ER. If you ever have this happen and try to fix it yourself: clip your fingernails and clean your hands thoroughly before going fishing in your bung you crazy bastards.

Taking a multivitamin is a great idea. A good example is magnesium: magnesium is the side of the calcium activation of muscle fibers. Calcium binds and activates muscles and magnesium binds to remove calcium. That's why Epsom salt baths are so relaxing: they're largely magnesium salts and literally help your muscles relax. I personally suggest N-acetyl-cysteine as a supplement but as with anything I highly suggest you do your research and not take my advice. It promotes glutathione production which is a strong intracellular antioxidant. From what I've read: taken before drinking alcohol it reduces damage to your liver and before amphetamines it reduces neurotoxicity. It's also good for your lungs. But again do your own research and don't trust internet strangers with your health.
		-- u/[deleted], 11341 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK: Talking about your wages is not impolite and may actually benefit you and/or your coworkers.

The stigma around discussing one’s wages is unjustified as it allows employers to take advantage of employees in unfair manners. Also, your right to discussing your wages may be protected by law depending on what country/ state you are in.
[here is an excellent article](https://www.govdocs.com/can-employees-discuss-pay-salaries/)

edit: wanted to thank everyone providing personal experience or opinions on this matter, its been an educational read.
		-- u/[deleted], 22740 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Talking to yourself is actually considered healthy.

As said by Paloma Mari-Beffa [here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/theconversation.com/amp/is-talking-to-yourself-a-sign-of-mental-illness-an-expert-delivers-her-verdict-77058), "talking out loud, when the mind is not wandering, could actually be a sign of high cognitive functioning. Rather than being mentally ill, it can make you intellectually more competent. "

So yes. You're not insane... Even if you talk to yourself aloud.

**Edit**: As many people have pointed out, it is very important that you have healthy conversations with yourself. Also take care to not become too self absorbed and thus disconnected from people.

**Edit 2:** Please don't confuse schizophrenic self talk with healthy self talk. If you're not sure which category your self talk belongs to, please talk to a person with knowledge on this subject.

In my case, I now compliment myself on my qualities and guide myself to work on my negative traits. Earlier I used to berate and dimnish myself which led to a lack of self esteem. Now with this technique of evaluating myself, I feel much better now, I'm slowly building my self-esteem and I feel much more confident.
		-- u/Satyam7166, 16899 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: That TurboTax Free Edition is meant to trap you into paying money, and there is ACTUALLY a free version created by the IRS but was hidden by Intuit called taxfreedom.com (File your taxes easy, my guys. :) )

Why YSK:

 TurboTax, is MEANT to take your money do NOT USE IT. THERE IS A BETTER ALTERNATIVE. (More info here.  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xQQkzWhMOc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xQQkzWhMOc) from the patriot act.) The IRS thought of making it free for poor people to file taxes, intuit didn't want to go out of business, and so basically powered it, took it and coded the website so that if anyone on google searched it up, they wouldn't find it. (I believe there are still pending law suits.) But it is completely free. The URL is: [Taxfreedom.com](https://Taxfreedom.com) or [https://freefile.intuit.com/](https://freefile.intuit.com/).
		-- u/[deleted], 24756 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: That if you're in public and in a rush to find a restroom, before you risk a gas station bathroom you should look for home depots or a target, both usually have clean restrooms that are open to customers and don't have security codes to get in.

Why YSK: Because in this situation most people will look for a gas station or restaurant first but because of current world situations those places have shut their restrooms down. Home depot and target are all over the place and can be easily found. To that extent walmart qualifies for this post too but they tend to be dirtier.
		-- u/Zro6, 14666 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: That most disinfectant sprays need to be left on the surface you're spraying for 5 to 10 minutes before being wiped off.

I just checked the directions of use on a few of my disinfectant sprays and saw this.. I usually just wipe it off immediately. Probably good to know considering the current situation

Edit: This got more attention than I anticipated. To clarify this is not an April fools attempt. I was mainly talking about surface sprays not disinfectant aerosol cans. As mentioned in the comments, there are many products that are more suitable to use to disinfect or sanitize a surface.

Edit 2: thanks for the gold you absolute gem!
		-- u/LeMetalSmurf, 11960 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: That us truck drivers are very thankful for everyone that's bringing us goodie bags and food to rest areas and truck stops.

No matter how much you guys cut us off in traffic, flip us off with your middle finger to remind us that we're number one, deep down inside we know that you still love us. Thank you!
		-- u/PrimeDriver, 24129 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: The FCC just approved a $50 a month subsidy for low-income households to get high-speed internet, plus a $100 discount on a computer.

Why YSK: This is great for those struggling to pay for internet. Hopefully this subsidy will help reduce the number of people having to choose between paying for groceries and internet access. 

Here’s who qualifies:

To be eligible, at least one member of the household must meet one of the following criteria:

- Qualify for the FCC's Lifeline program, including those that are on Medicaid or accept SNAP benefits.
- Receive benefits under the free and reduced-price school lunch or breakfast program.
- Have lost jobs and seen their income reduced in the last year.
- Have received a Federal Pell Grant.
- Meet the eligibility criteria for a participating broadband providers' existing low-income program.

Here’s an article with more information:

https://www.businessinsider.com/personal-finance/how-to-claim-federal-broadband-subsidy-high-speed-internet-grant-2021-2
		-- u/struggling_dude110, 56383 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: The FTC is taking complaints for the next t three days regarding hidden fees

Why YSK: The FTC has started a 3 day period where they are attempting to collect complaints regarding hidden/deceptive fees. This includes the heart-crushing fees at our favorite concerts, those scummy airbnb "clean my entire house then pay for it"  fees and so on. Every person that files in a complaint is another person helping them try to hold these companies accountable for downright robbery. 

[FTC page for complaints](https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2022/11/08/2022-24326/unfair-or-deceptive-fees-trade-regulation-rule-commission-matter-no-r207011?fbclid=PAAaZMbyRpziBM1NZa0nbSrqA-GTELilruPWRWfecheVdkZTpKZGQZgV8oYHE)

Edit***  its been pointed out to me that they've extended this for the next month!
		-- u/princesspeachkitty, 25579 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: The IRS will never call you. They will never email you or text you. The only instance they will call is if you owe large amounts of back taxes or if you're subject to a field audit. In these cases, they will send a letter to you letting you know about the call before it happens.

Why YSK: Scammers are constantly trying to steal from people under the guise of the IRS. The IRS will almost always reach out to you by mail first. Do not trust anyone claiming to be from the IRS if you were unaware of the call - they will not surprise you! They will always tell you before they call!
		-- u/MrXx_xXXx_xX, 16275 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: The Internet Archive released the National Emergency Library that gives be public free access to over 1.4 million digital books. Link below

The National Emergency Library promotes learning and education in a time where libraries are closed. Amazon is also not prioritizing book orders at this time which means that fulfilling orders and shipping will take longer if they come at all. The library is great to learn something new or read a good book for free. 
[National Emergency Library link](https://archive.org/details/nationalemergencylibrary)
		-- u/chef_stef, 14940 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK: The Right To Repair Bill that Louis Rossmann fought valiantly for was just signed by Governor Hochul in NY. A bipartisan win for Americans that passed 147-2! But it was sabotaged by the Governor, rendering it effectively useless with one line of text.

Why YSK: Corporations will continue to find ways to force you to overpay for simple repairs that a small shop could fix for much cheaper (sometimes for free). This was a bill that could have altered and protected the component market for the whole of the US, if not more.

And now the news can celebrate how we have passed THE RIGHT TO REPAIR BILL! While our country continues to slide into a world where the ability to repair your own possessions withers away until it dies.

The text in question:

&gt; This agreement eliminates the bill's original requirement calling for original equipment manufacturers to provide the public any passwords, security codes, or materials to override security features, **and allows for original equipment manufacturers may provide assemblies of parts rather than individual components when the risk of improper installation heightens the risk of injury**

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FlHtbaRWAAEdwdv?format=jpgname=large

That's right everybody. Because when Samsung glues the screens of the Galaxy S20's onto the battery, you can't hold them accountable for trying to stop you from replacing the battery on your own. You could hurt yourself on broken glass! Better to buy their Screen  Battery Replacement Kit for $206.99, from their partnership with iFixit!

That was a real thing that was removed from the iFixit website due to the heat of the Louis Rossmann video on the subject. Thankfully you can now buy the battery itself on their website (for twice as much as it costs on eBay).

Here's Louis Rossmann's incredibly depressing video on the topic 

- Governor Hochul sabotages NY right to repair bill, right on schedule https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xGBB-717AI

Fuck New York.
		-- u/monkeymadeit, 29439 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: The best time to buy a fire extinguisher was yesterday

Why YSK: Started a kitchen fire yesterday after our kitchen towels caught on fire and it quickly escalated into something that we were unable to deal with on our own. Had we not had a fire extinguisher, I’m pretty sure our kitchen if not our whole apartment would have burned.

Do yourself a huge favor and buy a fire extinguisher now if you don’t have one.
		-- u/gurugurug, 19695 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: The cleanup is arguably the most important part in any trades profession.

Why YSK: The cleanup is your signature of sorts. After you come to someone's house or place of business, do a job, but if you leave a mess, or leave a tool or any kind of byproduct from the job you had done, it makes you look like an amateur and I'm sure this person will never hire you again or say any good things about you to their friends or community. Clean up 100% after your work, and people will remember that
		-- u/goodbyekitty83, 16100 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: The microwave isn’t ruining your food, you probably just don’t know how to use it properly.

Why YSK: If you’re wondering why your food is always coming out of the microwave rubbery, tough, and otherwise gross, it’s probably because you reheated your food improperly.

The “time cook” and “power level” settings are your best friend. If reheating something that you don’t want to ruin (like a steak, maybe some seafood, etc.) try microwaving for double the time at half the power (50% or power level 5). You can even do lower setting for longer periods of time if you’re being careful. Your food will be much less “microwaved” when it comes out.

If you’re just trying to get something hot really fast (like a cup of coffee), just use the normal setting.

TLDR: Learn to use your power setting on your microwave. This is truly divine knowledge.
		-- u/J2K_PhD, 18197 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: The purpose of turning your headlights on in heavy fog is not to see better, but to be seen from a greater distance by other drivers.

The distance you are visible to other drivers can be as much as twice as far with your lights on, than not.  You should also roll down your windows when at an uncontrolled intersection, to listen for potential cross traffic, because you can hear a vehicle in dense fog, long before you will be able to see it.
		-- u/lazlounderhill, 33564 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: The symptoms of anxiety and depression and that it's important to reach out for help or help those around you struggling.

Why YSK: With the past year and recent events many people around the world are developing or continuing to struggle with depression, anxiety, and other mental health issues. The stigma around mental health needs to be broken down and one of the first steps people can take is to be better informed. There are many recourses for information and assistance out there but for now I will just link [a CDC webpage with information on anxiety and depression.](https://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/campaign/tips/diseases/depression-anxiety.html)

**Important Edit:** As many have mentioned as well as the article itself, these CDC identified symptoms are not intended to be used to self diagnose nor as  a tool to diagnose others. I made this post to bring awareness to the subject matter and to try and break away some of the stigma around talking about mental health issues. If you feel you are possible suffering from mental health issues reach out to a medical professional for further assistance.

Edit 2: I really wish I could respond to more individual comments but I'm at work so I would just like to make some general statements adding to this post. First off, anxiety and depressive disorders are very real and not everyone shares the same experiences. There are many types of depression, a large portion of which stem from imbalances of chemicals like serotonin and therefore people with these kinds of depression cannot "just get over it" or work through it with therapy alone (Please consult a medical professional if you feel this may apply to you. I am not a doctor and I am only speaking from my own experiences and understanding). For those who feel they are still struggling despite reaching out for help, please keep strong and continue to talk to your health care provider about possible treatments as they vary greatly. I hope this helps and thank you to all the people who helping provide information and support to other commenters.
		-- u/apricity_spam, 12807 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: The term "Genuine Leather", it is not to reassure you that their product is made of leather, rather its the name of the lowest grade of leather a company can use.

The term "Genuine Leather" is a marketing term to sell the lowest quality leather possible. 

When purchasing a leather product, look for full grain leather or top grain leather instead. These will provide a much higher quality cut of leather that will look and feel much better and last for much longer.
		-- u/metropolis702, 73566 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: The worst turbulence has a plane dropping only about 40 feet. It feels much worse than it actually is.

Why YSK: I was inspired to post this by a video in another thread. The plane is bouncing horrendously and people are screaming in fear. I get it. It's scary and my family members are terrified of flying. The thing is, the physical sensation is entirely misleading.

I asked a pilot friend what I could do to calm them down and he sent me the article I've linked to "Ask A Pilot: Everything you need to know about turbulence." They key point that I always remember is that the worst turbulence he ever felt was only a forty-foot drop, even though it felt to the passengers like they were in life-threatening danger. Here is what he wrote:

"Passengers might feel the plane “plummeting” or “diving” — words the media can’t get enough of — when in fact it’s hardly moving. I remember one night, headed to Europe, hitting some unusually rough air about halfway across the Atlantic. It was the kind of turbulence people tell their friends about. Fewer than forty feet of altitude change, either way, is what I saw. Ten or twenty feet, if that, most of the time. Any change in heading—the direction our nose was pointed—was all but undetectable. "

The way I think about it now is that turbulence feels like a rollercoaster to the passengers but it's more like driving on a gravel road. It's bumpy as hell but means absolutely nothing to the aircraft.

https://askthepilot.com/questionanswers/turbulence/

Edit: so many comments and likes! I had no idea this would happen. I want to add that my point isn't that turbulence doesn't feel bad or that people don't get hurt if they aren't buckled in. I thought YAK that you're not in danger and the plane isn't going to crash. Disliking the sensation is one thing. Screaming and praying because you think you're going to die, is another. It's the latter group I was trying to address, people who find turbulence scary instead of unpleasant.
		-- u/Participant_Zero, 13197 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: There are many restaurants on UberEats that don't exist.

Why YSK: Many restaurants sell their food on UberEats under a fake restaurant name. I've seen Chuck E Cheese do it to sell pizza. Hooters did it to sell wings. A gas station down the road from me did it to sell their trash food. I can't imagine this is legal and/or allowed on Uber, I imagine they just haven't caught on yet. Just another reason to avoid those apps.

Edit: This has a name, and it's "Ghost kitchens." Cool. Many commenters think this makes this practice totally fine, and not deceptive at all. And to them, I say: Hey can I sell you my iPhone for 120% the going price? Don't worry if you get some shitty knockoff that won't turn on. It's a Ghost phone bro people have been doing this forever.
		-- u/notRedditingInClass, 19285 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK: There are multiple websites that give you recipes based off what ingredients you have on hand

You enter all the ingredients you have in your house and the sites give you a list of recipes you can make using those ingredients, super useful right now, use what you have and stay home as much as possible!

https://myfridgefood.com/

https://www.supercook.com

There are probably more similar sites, list em if you know them!

Edit: there are some for cocktails too in the comments!

Edit2: I recommend that everyone use a sharp knife when cooking. A nice kitchen knife doesn’t have to be expensive, look into utensils they use in food service and they should last you a lifetime at home and typically don’t cost too much. and please, especially now, clean everything very well!!
		-- u/WATERGOODSODABAD, 18095 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: There are not 8 types of burnout. The classic burnout inventory in psychological research has 3 dimensions: emotional exhaustion, depersonalization, and reduced personal achievement.

**Why YSK:** There was a post today that blew up describing the "8 types" of burnout. This is not a peer-reviewed typology, and in fact came from a blog (see: [https://www.workingmother.com/identifying-types-of-burnout](https://www.workingmother.com/identifying-types-of-burnout)). Burnout is a real and important phenomenon, but we need to know how to properly conceptualize and measure it in order to address it. Researchers spend their *whole lives* studying these topics. So at best, pop psychology provides an incomplete understanding of the issue, and at worst, an inaccurate and misleading one.

The Maslach Burnout Inventory measures 3 dimensions of burnout:

* emotional exhaustion: feeling you can't "give of" yourself anymore; are severely lacking psychological resources
* depersonalization/cynicism: negative attitudes towards others or towards the job (also: withdrawal or detachment, irritability, negative thoughts towards the job or those you encounter on the job)
* reduced personal achievement: the tendency to evaluate yourself and your work negatively (feeling like you are unaccomplished; like your work is insufficient)

The MBI was originally oriented towards healthcare professionals but paved the way for research in burnout across occupations.

See:

The Maslach Burnout Inventory: [https://www.researchgate.net/publication/277816643\_The\_Maslach\_Burnout\_Inventory\_Manual](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/277816643_The_Maslach_Burnout_Inventory_Manual)

Schaufeli, W. B., Leiter, M. P.,  Maslach, C. (2009). Burnout: 35 years of research and practice. *The Career Development International*, *14*(3), 204–220. [https://doi.org/10.1108/13620430910966406](https://doi.org/10.1108/13620430910966406)

open access link to Schaufeli et al. (2009): [https://www.wilmarschaufeli.nl/publications/Schaufeli/311.pdf](https://www.wilmarschaufeli.nl/publications/Schaufeli/311.pdf)

Other related scales:

[https://nam.edu/valid-reliable-survey-instruments-measure-burnout-well-work-related-dimensions/](https://nam.edu/valid-reliable-survey-instruments-measure-burnout-well-work-related-dimensions/)
		-- u/TheRestlessHermit6, 12896 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: There are websites that can assess true and fake reviews when purchasing a product on Amazon. Use a site such as ReviewMeta.com to assess whether the product reviews are fake or real.

Why YSK: I have purchase inferior products many times based mainly on rating alone until I wised up. Internet literacy (the ability to discern between truth and falsehood, gossip and vital information \[I'll leave this for another post\]) is going to play a critical part in humanity for decades to come.

One aspect of this is to determine if you are getting ripped off, or purchasing a legitimate quality product. I don't work for [reviewmeta.com](https://reviewmeta.com). I heard them mentioned on NPR and I imagine there are other websites you can use. But I use it every time I buy something from Amazon in order to know if of the 1,000 reviews a product has, 30% are fake. 

Unscrupulous sellers hire people to create accounts and post reviews of their product, often giving people some basic text to use. The website I mentioned analyzes reviews to see how many use similar language, or how many are unique. This site filters out the questionable reviews.
		-- u/gomi-panda, 18394 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: There is a website that will play you only Spotify songs that no one has ever played before.

Not saying you’ll find gold, but it’s pretty interesting. forgotify.com 
		-- u/thebestatheist, 24472 upvotes, 0.9 ratio.
%
YSK: There is a website where you can actually find out how much medical care will cost at local hospitals before you go. The website is www.finestrahealth.com

Why YSK:

[The site](http://finestrahealth.com) has a map that says its currently available in Boston, NYC, Chicago, San Fran, and LA but it seems to be growing. (I don’t remember seeing LA there when I checked on it yesterday but it's there now) Being able to find this info (and maybe shop around for the best price) will be so useful for me

**Update:** As per u/ambxshing's comment, this site only appears to currently work for hospitals in You should add that this website only works for hospitals in: San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, Chicago, New York City, and Boston.
		-- u/ForsakenGrape1, 12690 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: There is no such thing as a private beach in the State of California.

Why YSK: All beaches in California are public domain up to the mean high tide line with the exception of the beaches controlled by the United States Military. Although private properties may show obvious “No Trespassing” and/or “Keep Out” signs, they are in fact illegal and not allowed by the California Coastal Commission (CCC) - the body responsible for enforcing the California Coastal Act.
		-- u/Slavatheshrimp, 30314 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: These four sites connect you to a wealth of knowledge and learning. I go to them to help me fill my idle time with learning (vs. TV, video games, etc.)

As the title says, I refer to these sites when I have downtime at work or when I'm bored. I've managed to pick up a few new skills (for work and for fun). Here are the sites and a quick word on what I use them for.

[OpenCourser](http://opencourser.com). Good for finding an online course to take, more for in-depth learning + building professional skills.

[NoExcuseList](http://noexcuselist.com). Great for discovering new learning websites. Neatly categorized into sections (like cooking, music).

[KhanAcademy](http://khanacademy.com). (Re-)Learn pretty much every subject taught in K-12. Edit: Also great for college-level math and exam prep (SAT, GMAT, MCAT, etc).

[StackExchange](http://stackexchange.com/sites). Get answers from people who are super knowledgeable about all sorts of different things.
		-- u/MungoTungo, 21290 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: Thieves are using Bluetooth scanners to find valuable electronic devices left in parked cars.

Why YSK?  Your car will be less likely to be broken into if there are no electronics like laptops or cell phones transmitting Bluetooth signals.
		-- u/DonkeyTron42, 12442 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: This whole week in New York is a "code blue" weather emergency. This means that if you see a homeless person on the street seeking shelter, you can call 311, give a description of the person and the location, and an outreach team will be dispatched to assist.

You don't need to approach the person, or wait for anyone to arrive. All you need to do is call 311.

Edit - /u/Captain_A says that [This is also applicable in DC as well. You can call 311 or 202-399-7093.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/7op39u/ysk_this_whole_week_in_new_york_is_a_code_blue/dsb9x89/?utm_content=permalinkutm_medium=frontutm_source=redditutm_name=YouShouldKnow)

Also, a comment which provides links to many more numbers like this for cities across the US - https://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/7op39u/_/dsbbxjv
		-- u/Hilltopchill, 40172 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Time invested in a relationship isn't a good reason to NOT leave

Just because you have been with someone for what may be a considerable length of time doesn't mean you shouldn't leave. If a person is being abusive, the relationship has changed, or if you're simply not happy, just leave. If you've worked to remedy the problem and it isn't working, it's okay to leave. And it's okay to feel like you're starting over and it's going to hurt. It's going to feel like a complete waste of time. Thats fine. Use it as a learning experience for self growth. 

Source: Left a relationship of 8 years and didn't want to be in it for at least 2 years. Best decision of my life was to leave.
		-- u/vixilynfaith, 38571 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: To always turn on your headlights while it's raining outside

Why YSK: If it's raining out and you don't have your headlights on, chances are semi trucks will not see you at all in their mirrors. This is obviously very dangerous. I will link a picture showing just how invisible a car with no headlights during rain is. 

[Danger of no headlights when it's raining.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.devonlive.com/news/devon-news/truck-driver-shows-real-danger-2318221.amp)

Also, I'm sure you've heard it before but it seems alot of people think it doesn't apply to them. Do not cut off semi trucks. It very well could be the last thing you ever do. Also give us some room on the highways. I know it's a bit inconvenient with how slow we are sometimes but without us trucks, life as you know it would come to a grinding halt. Every single item that you use, eat, wear, consume, wash with, play with, live in, etc has all been delivered by a semi truck. The world completely stops living without us out here on these roads. Cut us some slack. Please.
		-- u/-desertdweller, 34996 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Tossing food waste (like banana or orange peels) in nature is often detrimental to the environment and should be disposed of properly

This is pretty niche but I hike/camp a lot and didn’t know this until I really started spending more time outdoors so I thought I would share it here. Tossing food waste onto the ground, even if it’s “biodegradable” can be really bad for the environment and defies [Leave No Trace](lnt.org) practices. Even food that breaks down quickly doesn’t usually break down fast enough for a critter to get to and can attract wildlife to areas they aren’t accustomed to (or feed them things they’re not supposed to have). I used to throw my banana peels out the window on long trips because “hey, it’s biodegradable, it’s fine!” But once I learned about this, I am the person who picks up food waste when I see it... which sucks when you’re doing a day hike to the bottom and back to the top of the Grand Canyon and see orange peels the whole way on the trail up! But I’m saying, it’s a really good thing to be aware of- whenever you are outside and you’re doing stuff, just make sure you don’t leave stuff behind- whether it’s plastic, food, or otherwise!

Edit:
I woke up to this getting a lot more attention than I originally thought it would and the original link to a “source” (albeit, not the best one according to some of the comments I am seeing) is not actually linked so here are some great sources or places you can learn more about food litter and Leave No Trace practices.

Article reinforcing that food waste is still litter -[https://www.outsideonline.com/2371301/organic-litter-still-litter](https://www.outsideonline.com/2371301/organic-litter-still-litter) 

Study of littering behavior in America - [https://www.kab.org/sites/default/files/News%26Info_Research_LitteringBehaviorinAmerica_2009Report_Final.pdf](https://www.kab.org/sites/default/files/News%26Info_Research_LitteringBehaviorinAmerica_2009Report_Final.pdf) 

Leave No Trace info - [lnt.org](http://lnt.org) 

I’ll try to find more but I have two young kids that need my attention and I’ll come back to this and try to answer questions and add more sources as best as I can. For those of you calling me a “douche” and saying I’m wrong... I apologize for not citing sources originally and I will come back and add better ones (or if anyone wants to help me out and add some in the comments, that would be awesome).

Edit #2 for everyone calling me a “pussy” and a “wuss” because “it doesn’t hurt the environment” - The way I learned about this for the first time was when I was hiking Angel’s Landing in Zion National Park, a ranger was picking up orange peels and started walking with us and telling us about the California Condor and how hard they are working on getting their population up (from being nearly extinct). The Condors will eat the orange peels and the peels can kill them. The peels attract other animals and birds and wildlife that wouldn’t normally frequent a certain area will start to rely on that area for their food. It’s definitely not something that just sucks to look at.

I’m a 5’2”, 120lb woman and I hike a shit ton in the backcountry as well as popular/heavy trafficked trails. If carrying extra weight off of a difficult trail makes me a “pussy” then I guess i’m a pussy.
		-- u/anywherebutarizona, 21873 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK: Truck companies are always responsible for falling objects.

"Not responsible for falling objects" is not a legal disclaimer, it's a dishonest way of deterring injured parties from exercising their right to sue.

You can't unilaterally release yourself from liability; a potential damaged party has to release you voluntarily as consideration for some reciprocal transaction. There are ways to create implicit consent, but no private party has the ability to give or withhold consent to a stranger's use of a public roadway.

Why YSK: Too many people allow themselves to be misled and intimidated into waiving their legal rights. The ony person who can tell you what your rights are is your lawyer. Not the police, not some asshole with a sign, not opposing counsel, and definitely not me. So if you suffer damages and a conflict arises, call a lawyer.

Also, get a dashcam.
		-- u/MohammadRezaPahlavi, 19525 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: TurboTax will stealth-charge you an additional $44+ at checkout unless you opt to pay with a card.

**Why YSK: I**f you choose to have your fees taken out of your refund TurboTax automatically charges you for "Premium Benefits". You also have to sign a consent form allowing Intuit to use your tax information for more than just filing with the IRS.

To avoid this opt to pay with a card instead.

Inevitable Edit:I wanted to share based on my experience. After spending 2+ hours combing through my finances/apps/receipts... brain fog had set in. The way the $44 charge is intentionally placed where it is on the page, isn't advertised as an "additional" fee, how small the font is + fine print in addition to the overly abundant spacing between "Pay with Your Refund" and "Premium Services Benefits" with a slightly off centered "$44"... I genuinely think this is an additional charge that is easily missed/overlooked...and I think whoever was hired to oversee the layout, Web Dev of the this particular page, was instructed to make this additional fee easy to overlook.

\~\* Five Minutes Later \*\~

The fine print:

From TurboTaxes Checkout Page: "Premium Services gives you Audit Defense, Full Identity Restoration, Identity Theft Insurance, and other great benefits, along with the FREE option to pay with your federal refund. Learn more"

After clicking on the "Learn More" link, it seems as though in addition to allowing you to deduct all fees out of your federal refund, you also get Identity Theft Protection and Monitoring for a year.

I don't know if it's a banking institution but more fine print states: "TurboTax®, in partnership with TaxAudit"

"TaxResources, Inc., dba TaxAudit, will provide the audit defense services for the tax return described on the membership certificate in return for the applicable membership fee and compliance with all applicable terms of this agreement (the “Audit Defense Plan”).[https://turbotax.intuit.com/corp/auditdefense-oneyear/](https://turbotax.intuit.com/corp/auditdefense-oneyear/)"

So for what its worth, I just wanted to make others aware to look out for this being  we can all be susceptible to mad-dash clicking through the checkout process a and not realize until after the fact that what we thought would cost $77 winds up being $121 +tax.
		-- u/-sunshyne-, 11796 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: US credit/debit cardholders are Federally entitled to compensation for unauthorized transactions

Why YSK:Many countries have their own consumer protection laws. I am here to discuss the United States. Before my fellow banking veterans point out it is not just credit and debit cards, I am self aware.

Commonly you will see commercials for various banks that list that "you're never responsible for fraudulent transactions". This is NOT a perk or done out of the goodness of their hearts. You as a cardholder (consumer not business) are entitled to Federal Regulation E. If you search out this in Google it has probably as many pages as a Bible on the CFPB's website, but if you shorten your search you will see that by law unauthorized transactions are the liability of the bank or merchant. This includes store cards, credit, and debit.

Why this is useful:

There are many exceptions to Reg E such as the broad paint brush of investigations. To make this short and sweet, if you do not have a relationship with the merchant and/or didn't initiate the transaction it should be an open shut case and YOU CAN ask for a provisional credit if debit based. A lot of scenarios actually call for credit to a customer in 10 days from opening.

Source - Me(Fraud/Claims Manager)

Edit - spelling errors

Edit 2 - Wow, I didn't expect so many replies. There are banking, fraud, compliance analysts in r/banking for very specific questions.

Second thing. Chargebacks are NOT a court order. If you have a contractual agreement the merchant can take you court and possibly win if you were credited back from a chargeback. This happens all the time with wedding vendors.
		-- u/RealMccoy13x, 11499 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Unpaid internships where the employer derives any immediate benefit are Federally illegal. They are required to pay you if you do any real work.

&gt;Here are the six criteria from the Department of Labor, all of which an unpaid internship must pass in order to be legal.

&gt;1. The internship, even though it includes actual operation of the facilities of the employer, is similar to training which would be given in an educational environment.

&gt;2. The internship experience is for the benefit of the intern.

&gt;3. The intern does not displace regular employees, but works under close supervision of existing staff.

&gt;4. The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the intern; and on occasion its operations may actually be impeded.

&gt;5. The intern is not necessarily entitled to a job at the conclusion of the internship.

&gt;6. The employer and the intern understand that the intern is not entitled to wages for the time spent in the internship.

http://www.businessinsider.com/is-my-unpaid-internship-illegal-2013-6

There have been many high profile lawsuits where unpaid interns have received compensation for their illegal employment. [Viacom settled for $7.2 million, and NBCUniversal for $6.4 million](http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/envelope/cotown/la-et-ct-viacom-settles-intern-lawsuit-20150312-story.html)

If you feel like any of this applies to you, then I suggest you contact your State Bar and ask for a lawyer that specializes in employment law.
		-- u/[deleted], 13480 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Visine eye drops are not lubricating eye drops and if used regularly are actually bad for your eyes.

Why YSK: Visine could be causing you more harm than good by temporarily fixing the issue of red eyes without actually addressing the underlining problems. 

Visine is, fundamentally, a decongestant. Redness in your eyes can be caused by swollen and congested blood vessels; these blood vessels, when irritated, become filled with blood and get backed up. Visine solves the problem by causing the affected blood vessels to artificially constrict.

The active ingredients in Visine cause blood vessels to physically shrink. This accomplishes the immediate goal of lessening the eye’s redness, however, as the medication eventually wears off, a phenomenon known to eye doctors as “rebound redness” may occur, which makes the initial problem that much worse.

In fact, over a prolonged period of continuous Visine usage, the rebound redness may actually become the default condition of the patient’s eyes. It’s true: Visine can permanently imprint on your eyes the very condition that it was originally intended to improve.

This is because Visine makes a basic mistake: it temporarily addresses the patient’s symptom (redness) without adequately solving the underlying cause (which may vary). And it can be even worse for contact lens wearers, because Visine can also dilate a patient’s pupils when used too much, too often. Contact lens wearers may become increasingly sensitive to light and experience blurry vision.

If you are looking for dry eye relief be sure to look for "Artificial Tears" not "Red Eye Treatment". Artificial tears are used to lubricate the eye where red eye treatment just constrict the blood vessels. Warm compress on the eyes, lid washes, and fish oil supplements are even better ways to address and possibly solve red, itchy eyes without causing harm. 

*I've worked in the eye care industry for 10 years and it's very common for people to think Visine is just a regular eyedrop because their marketing has been very successful but has lacked the proper education on how the drop actually works. 

Edit: wow what a response! Thanks for all the awards, comments, and upvotes. I am seeing some common trends with questions so thought I'd expand on the post.

Any eye drops with a "decongestant" is going to work by constricting the blood vessels. These ingredients may include Naphazoline , Phenylephrine, Oxymetazoline or Tetrahydrozoline.  Eye drops that claim to fix red eye usually contains one of these ingredients.  Read ingredients carefully or make sure red eye is not listed on the box. Visine and other brands that use these ingredients DO have other products without them in it but for Visine or Rohto eye drops their lines primarily consist of decongestant drops.  Same goes for other brands that sell primarily artificial/natural tears for dry eyes, they may have a product in their line that is a decongestant so reading ingredients is the easiest way to tell them apart.  

If you are a marijuana smoker your best bet is not to smoke when you need clear eyes. If its not possible try a cold compress as cold can also work to reduce the size of blood vessels that make your eyes look red.  At the VERY LEAST switch to an eye drop called Lumify. Its still not great to use regularly but has better ingredients than Visine. 

Brands I liked for artificial tears are Hydrasense, and Systane.  They also have preservative free eyedrops on the market now. These are great for those who may not be finding relief from regular eye drops. Preservatives can be irritants so preservative free is a good option. 

If you have been using Visine regularly for a long time I suggest visiting your Optometrist. Long term use can cause changes to your eye . Your Optometrist will be able to see if the Visine has caused changes and tell you what to use going forward. 

If you need relief from allergies, an antihistamine allergy eyedrop is a better bet. This will actually address the allergen instead of just changing the appearance of your eyes.  You can buy them OTC or ask your Optometrist about prescription/other options for allergy season.  If you need to use a allergy drop regularly/long-term speak with your Optometrist first as these are also better used short term.

Citation:
[America Academy of Opthalmology. ](https://www.aao.org/eye-health/treatments/redness-relieving-eye-drops)
		-- u/oceansidedrive, 28893 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Walmart conducted an audit of their accounting system and is quietly sending back pay checks to very old addresses of former associates

Why YSK: I last worked there from 2014-2015. I only worked there for 6 months and got a $13 check sent to the address I last used 6 years ago. I know it wasn't a significant amount of money to me but I've heard it being in the $200 range for employees who worked there longer. I'd like the word to be spread so former associates can get the money they are entitled to if they have moved since they last worked at walmart.
		-- u/ZombieIsLost, 14970 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Walmart.com marketplace retailers can set their own return policy and there is very little you can do about it. It's honestly scam territory.

Why YSK: I had an entertainment center show up damaged. Box one was soaking wet and the items were broken in half. It came in 3 boxes, the heaviest being 50lbs. I immediately called Walmart customer service and they sent the seller a message on my behalf and copied me in the email. They verbally said, and the email said, that if there was no reply in 48 hours they would take care of the issue and get me a refund. 48 hours later no response and I called Walmart customer service. They assured me it was no worry and they would send me a return label where I could schedule a fedex pickup or drop it off in store. The return label never came. The next day I called and the first rep told me the the previous rep was wrong and it couldn't be returned to store. I had to wait 48 hours while he contacted the vendor. I explained I'd already done that and offered to forward him the email where that has already happened. He then admitted that he saw that and told me the new policy was I had to call back at 8pm and the order would be "unlocked". That seemed totally made up so I told him I was going to stay on the phone until he emailed me a confirmation for that. He tried to avoid it, but I was avid I was staying on the phone until he sent me an email with that information. He hung up on me. I called back and got a new person. She told me the same spill.... 48 hours , vendor replies... blah blah.. I told her the same thing and they realized that has already been done. She then said that I could go in store and if the store manager approved we could drop it off there. Sounded made up, but I did it because I live close. The in person CS rep said no problem bring it in. After I lugged in all 3 boxes they told me nope they can't do it. I have to do it on the app. I downloaded the app and setup the return in the parking lot. Everything they told me would exist to get a return label didn't exist. I walked back in and explained this. They're annoyed now, but I'm persistent, because at this point I'm in a perpetual loop of incompetence that prevents me from returning a broken, unassembled pile of furniture. After a long wait I get to talk to the salaried manager. She tells me there is nothing they can do. When I showed her the Walmart marketplace return policy that sets a minimum set of expectations that allows me to return it in store she said that it used to be the case. Then Walmart decided to let vendors set their own policy and they're stuck unable to help. So at this point Walmart . com customer support has lied to me and given me the runaround, the vendor has ghosted me, the store cannot help me.

The pending solution: This is straight from the salaried managers mouth as I secretly recorded the conversation to cover my ass.. (legal in my state) "You need to file a credit card dispute... you'll have a really hard time getting your money back from that vendor." She said ever since Walmart changed this policy people are getting scammed out of money because it's too much of a hassle to get a return from un responsive vendors. I wish I would have never ordered anything from walmart's online shopping and I never will for the rest of my life. It's been an absolute nightmare.
		-- u/OsamaBinWhiskers, 24367 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: What the definition of “helping you move” is.

Why YSK: When you ask people to help you move and waste a whole day on what should could be a couple hours work, you are wasting their time, which is usually on a weekend. Not cool. 

Here’s what it means to me, and I think most reasonable people. All the rules get tossed in emergencies such as the case of abusive relationship move-ours, etc. We’re talking normal, non-emergent moves here.

1) BE PACKED: No one wants to sit around for hours and figure out how to wrap your little trinkets and cups/mugs or your antique dong collection. Have everything youre moving packed, wrapped, and in boxes. 

2) CLEAR THE PATH: Remove all trip hazards and obstacles so people are safe while picking up and moving your heavy stuff. 

3) HAVE A PLAN: Reserve the truck for when you are 98% sure you will be ready to quickly load up with the vast majority of your stuff. 

4) FEED THE CREW: Pizza is fine. Beer/beverages on ice are great. If you’re planning on using your kitchen goods to do this, leave a few things out to support. Otherwise just use disposable stuff.

Moving is very stressful and we all want help. Getting things ready so you can effectively use people’s precious time makes you far more likely to get help again when you need it and sets a good example for when they need the favor returned.
		-- u/[deleted], 11061 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: When an obviously angry person says they aren't mad, they are not trying to be difficult.

Why YSK: I've been to therapy on and off over many years, and while I'm no expert, one of the big things I learned is that *anger is often a secondary emotion.* Anger often stems from some initial feeling of hurt, or fear.

Learning this changed me in a big way, and I almost never stay angry anymore, because I can quickly see through the anger for what it really is. Someone who hasn't learned this, will be likely to say the phrase "I'm not mad." while they are actively angry, and this is because they are probably trying to communicate that initial feeling that caused the anger! When more people understand anger for what it really is, discussions can be had instead of arguments.

[Notre Dame of Maryland University PDF that mentions this](https://ndm.edu/sites/default/files/SOP/Longitudinal-Care/managing_the_angry_patient_2009.pdf)
		-- u/firfetir, 30510 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: When buying a suit, it’s generally expected that you will get the suit tailored to you so that it fits better. Plan to buy the suit at least a week ahead of when you need it to allow for the tailoring time.

Why YSK: it’s common to buy suits for an event like weddings or interviews, but unless you’re dropping a boatload of money on the suit it is unlikely to fit you very well. Tailoring also isn’t expensive like you might think and it really adds an extra level to your presentation. Here (nyc) I can get a suit tailored for ~$50 and it’ll take 3-5 days to complete.

Edit: some people are mentioning that it will likely cost more than $50 to tailor which is true. Number of adjustments being done to the suit, number of tailors in your city/town, and quality of tailor will all affect the cost. I’ve been lucky to only need 1-3 adjustments done on average for my suits and I probably should have mentioned that this is an anecdotal number. Your mileage may vary.
		-- u/Salticus00, 27408 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: When calling someone about a minor car accident, always start the conversation with "I am okay" or "I am going to the hospital to get checked out for xyz" to prevent unnecessary distress.

YSK:Hearing the words "there was an accident" is one of the most terrifying, heart-wrenching experiences you can have. Do your loved ones a favor and when you call them, open the conversation with "I am not hurt and I've been in a car accident" or a description of the injuries and severity so they don't assume the worst. 

Why YSK: save your friends and family a gut wrenching emotional experience.
		-- u/elpato11, 17091 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: When driving and waiting to turn into oncoming traffic always keep your steering wheel straight

This will ensure your safety if you were to get rear-ended. If your steering wheel was already turned towards traffic and you're just not moving yet, if you get rear-ended, you will automatically be shot directly into incoming traffic head on. If you keep your steering wheel straight *until* you start to move when it's safe, even if you get hit from behind, you'll still just go forward and be able to stop safely.

edit: But if I didn't clarify, for example I meant if I am facing north and incoming traffic is going south, and I want to turn west. I should make sure to keep my steering wheel facing north, until I move. [Look at my amazing artwork for an example. The green arrow is my intended turn.](https://imgur.com/fIX60Ym)

Also basic stereotypical comment but I mean it sincerely: Thank you so much for my first ever platinum!!
		-- u/KloudToo, 10843 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: When looking around homes to purchase ALWAYS check cabinets and closets

Why YSK: When homes are done up for sale, many people do a “lipstick on a gorilla” job. In other words, applying fresh layers of paint, new carpets, etc to cover up flaws in the home which could cost you later on. 

I’m an architecture student in a family of property developers, so I’ve been in many open houses ranging from 100,000 to 3+ million. In many of these homes, I’ve opened cabinets to serious mold issues, ripped electrics, rotten wood, and once I even found an active beehive. 

It’s a simple thing to do, but many people overlook it. Please, when buying a house make sure to get a good look of the entire property, including closets and cabinets.
		-- u/Abioticbeing, 12734 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: When putting out a bon fire or camp fire on the beach, do not just bury it. Extinguish with water.

Why YSK:  If you are enjoying a fire on the beach and ready to put it out, do not just bury the coals.  Pour water on the fire to put it out.  Burying the hot coals will continue to burn into the next day.  The sand acts as an insulation.  If a child or dog playing in the sand digs where you buried your fire, that child or dog could burn themselves the next day.
		-- u/EuphoricCare515, 14713 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: When signing up for interest-free financing for a product, if you don't pay that item off completely in the allotted time, ALL the accrued interest will be due as soon as the term is up

YSaK that the credit card company will NOT break the monthly amount due into equal increments to safeguard you from not paying it all on time. 

For instance, you buy an 1800 dollar washer with 0% interest for 18 months. Your monthly minimum amount due will be ~$50. They won't set the monthly due amount at $100 to ensure you pay it off in time. You'll have to figure that math out yourself and be sure you pay that amount to make sure your balance is $0 come the 18th month. 

If you don't pay the 1800 off completely by the end, all that interest you would have saved gets added to the balance, making the interest-free financing useless.
		-- u/Svargas05, 11458 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: When to use recirculation in your car

Why YSK:
Most all vehicles have a recirculation button with the AC controls in their cars. But many of us are unsure when to use it.

Well, the easy answer is to use it in the summer and turn it off in the winter.

The recirculation button simply takes the air from inside the car and recirculates it in the cabin instead of pulling fresh air from outside. On days like today when it is miserably hot outside, if you do not recirculate the cooler air in the cabin, than your AC system is pulling hot air from outside and trying to cool it. Using the recirculation feature will get your car cooler and will decrease the wear and tear on your AC system.
- Side note, if your car has been baking in the sun, its better to roll the windows down and turn recirculate off for the first minute or so to get rid of the super hot air inside the car before turning the recirculate on.

Also, any time you are stuck in traffic ( summer or winter) be sure to use the recirculate. If you are pulling air from outside, then you are pulling in all the pollutants and carbon monoxide from all the traffic. Studies show that recirculating your AC can cut down on the pollutants entering your vehicle by 20% when stuck in traffic!
		-- u/Remember-The-Arbiter, 27937 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: When you go to your manager with a problem, have a "draft" solution ready. Asking someone to provide feedback at an existing proposal is a lot easier than asking them to come with a first solution

Why YSK: Many team leads/managers are very open to suggestions, after all, it frees them from coming up with solutions.

Do you want something done in your team/department? How would you do it? What do you actually want? A process, someone fired, someone hired, better coffee? What would you do if you had the power?So when you want something from your "superior", be sure and clear what you want. "Something done about it" without the "something" is useless and managers throw that directly to the bin.

Know what you want, and make a first proposal. Especially if it's something you want done in your team, a structure change, or a process change.

If you have a draft already, they can imagine how it would look in your mind, and they will be much more open to approve it.

You get bonus points for low cost/fast ROI.

\- involving a low number of people - aka reduced cost

\- doing it without changing priorities - aka reduced cost

EDIT: this is the best way to be noticed/promoted.

Edit 2: This blew up more than I could have hoped, thank you for your comments and awards. 
		-- u/TheSexyIntrovert, 15057 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: When you’re about to fight someone or getting ready to, you should clench your jaw firmly.

Why ysk: When it comes to fights. Most punches can be directed to your face. When you are about to fight someone, you may not be thinking of your jaw but it should be taken very seriously. 

Not clenching your jaw can lead to several bad things to occur. For one, if the other person lands a good hit, you can have a hard time breathing or even worse, break some teeth in the process. Secondly, have you heard the term “spin his jaw”... Well that’s the whole point. When you punch someone in the jaw who does not have a firm clench, you can likely KO the person or stun them very temporarily. It’s enough for them to land many more punches to your face. The last thing you want in a fight is to get knocked out. 

Your don’t have to clench as hard as you can, just have a firm clench.

Edit: People engage for the dumbest reasons and I am very much against that. I meant this post in a way where someone is engaging you and the only move is defensive. Of course, I only hope that you are able to avoid fighting at all costs and not have to fight but I hope people know this info in the worst case scenario.
		-- u/partyrocker3023, 12561 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: While it’s okay for a child to know they’re smart, it’s extremely important to teach them that other people are smart too.

This post may come off as cocky and even a bit racist, but the following was my genuine experience growing up as a black girl. 

Growing up I had a lot of interests that seemed like no one else was interested in. I was a bit of a math prodigy, had an obsession with space, and I was into (what many other kids considered) some pretty weird music. I’ve always just been an abstract thinker in general. There was a large portion of black kids that would poke fun at me for being into “that white people stuff”, and the (any race) kids who *did* enjoy the things I enjoyed were very different from me as well. They were into things like pokémon/WoW and i kinda just found it too cringey to get into myself. I felt like an alien who didn’t belong anywhere, but I always had so many opinions and thoughts to share with *someone*... *anyone*... but had no one to engage with. I had 0 genuine friends, just classmates i’d chat shit with and my counselor who was paid to listen, and it was so depressing. It lead me to convince myself that others must simply be incapable of complex thinking like me (which is a terrible way to think). No bullshit, i’m seriously being 100% truthful when i say this, I remember looking into a mirror bawling my eyes out and saying “I wish i was dumber so i could just be happy!”. 

Many children between 10-14 years old feel this way, but unfortunately they’re treated with eye-rolls and looked at as little arrogant brats. Just take a second to look at it from the kids (extremely unhealthy) point of view: “I’m better in school than my peers, nobody can keep up with my conversations, and every adult who isn’t my parent says i’m really smart for my age. All evidence shows im better”. Clearly this is flawed logic, but ostracizing the kid for thinking this way only reinforces the child’s view that they are better than others, as they are forced to be the only one in their corner of defense. Ostracizing leads to them becoming condescending assholes like year-ago-me. Not until very recently did I read about things like the personality type INTJ and learn what sonder is. It would have humbled me a LOT to learned about these things as a child, but I eventually learned these things as a young adult and it’s helped me understand that im not all that unique after all. But I wish I could have simply been humored by my own parents to realize this much sooner instead of just being shoo’ed away. Now that i’m older, they debate with me and i’ve come to realize just how much they actually know. 

TLDR: The takeaway here is to TALK TO YOUR KIDS! Force yourself to engage in those conversations that are painful to sit through. Don’t let them just sit in their rooms all day, go talk to them. Have those pointless rabbit-hole conversations. Listen to what they have to say and play devil’s advocate. Just don’t make them rely on internet strangers and Kid Cudi to feel like less of a weirdo like I did.
		-- u/[deleted], 35631 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Why people who say "Sorry for the bad English" actually use big words and good English.

When anyone says "Sorry for the bad english," they often mean that they are not experienced with the way people casually speak. When you learn a language, they teach it to you from the basics to the most complex words. If I learned advanced English, and tried to jump right into an area, I would know all of the big words and phrases, but not the local nuances and/or the general flow of words.

There are very different ways to speak a language (IE: saying "y'all" or "what's up?")
and schools of language often teach you the professional speak.
		-- u/OmegaLolOmegaLol, 16014 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK: Wikipedia has a free travel guide, with instructions about transport, food, sleep and lists about sightseeing spots.

[Wiki Voyage](https://en.wikivoyage.org/wiki/Main_Page)
Why YSK: Wikipedias travel guide is a free no bullshit overview of any location you can think of. You don't have to read about a travel writers boring lifestory, which you'll skip anyways to get to the meat of the content. You can quickly research a destination, which makes traveling easier, while giving access to more information. 
Articles include extremely valuable and precise information about anything worth knowing.

Edit: thanks for the award!  
Wikipedia is something valuable for all of us, so consider donating if you have a spare coin!
		-- u/lavamax2, 20298 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: Windows 11 sends telemetry data straight to third parties on install.

Why YSK: Companies exploit regular users for money by collecting and selling personal data. 

Personal data is being sent straight to third parties for marketing and research purposes, notably without the users consent, during the installation of Windows 11. 

This happens on fresh installs of Windows 11 "Just after the first boot, Windows 11 was quick to try and reach third-party servers with absolutely no prior user permission or intervention."

"By using a Wireshark filter to analyze DNS traffic, TPCSC found that Windows 11 was connecting to many online services provided by Microsoft including MSN, the Bing search engine and Windows Update. Many third-party services were present as well, as Windows 11 had seemingly important things to say to the likes of Steam, McAfee, and Comscore ScorecardResearch.com"

I'd recommend switching to linux if possible, check out Linux Mint or Ubuntu using KDE if you're a regular Windows user.

Edit: To clear up some misunderstanding about my recommendation, i meant that if you're looking for an alternative switch to linux, i forgot to add that part though haha, there's some decent workarounds to this telemetry data collection in the comments, such as debloating tools and disabling things on install. Apologies for the mistake :)
		-- u/Gravel_Bandit, 12712 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: With restaurants, bars, bakeries and cafes shutting down the owners will very likely let you buy their excess stock that will otherwise go to waste.

You get good supplies at a decent rate, they make at least a minor return in a shutdown that might otherwise destroy their business. Win win!

Edit: seems to be a LOT of folk being intentionally pedantic or negative here. Firstly, there’s no need to be negative about someone trying to be helpful. Secondly, on the point of “excess” stock, I used the word excess as it IS going to be excess for a lot of places as they can’t sell it or use it the way they usually would. Don’t split hairs. Stay safe!

Edit 2: Stock in this instance refers to food goods and similar people, not purchasing stock in a business! But I love the enthusiasm!
		-- u/ReaverRogue, 16973 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: With the decrease in traffic there is much more wildlife on the edges of roadways so if you're travelling anywhere please be mindful..

I am considered an essential worker so I've seen the roads in my area(Long Island, NY) everyday for the past month. (I can only assume it's the same elsewhere) There are A LOT more animals getting closer to the road and I am asking you to please be extra cautious. I drove past a goose standing beside the body of another goose last week and it broke my heart. These wild animals are adjusting the same as we are - and they don't deserve to die due to carelessness.
		-- u/JukeBoxDildo, 20439 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Wolfram Alpha exists. Wolfram Alpha is an advanced mathematics that shows step by step solutions.

WHY YSK:. I used it in college to double check my work in stats 1 and 2.  I use it to this day to relearn different formula solutions to help my kids with homework.  It helps refresh the long forgotten by going through how Wolfram Alpha Calculator got the solution. It will even graph a line.
		-- u/hereforpopcornru, 11854 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Women experiencing domestic abuse who are choked by their partners are eight times more likely to be subsequently murdered by those partners.

Why YSK: Even if it's spurred by momentary anger and they are as apologetic as humanly possible afterwards, this is a **huge** red flag [indicating that this persons anger is likely to drive them towards murder.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.sacbee.com/news/local/article261397102.html)

If you are in an abusive relationship and find yourself being strangled by your partner, or if you know someone who has experienced this specific assault from a current partner, then you need to remove yourself or the person you know from this relationship*ASAP*.

If you are someone who finds yourself being driven to this level of anger then [you need to get help for yourself and for the safety of those around you.](https://www.betterhelp.com/maurvet-minto/?start=truelanding_type=specialtyspecialty_type=anger+managementutm_source=AdWordsutm_campaign=storefrontutm_term=anger+management+psychology_eutm_content=maurvet-minto_101856gclid=Cj0KCQiA37KbBhDgARIsAIzce15tpvIulmpLHMd7hJY8rzhfHgiNQSP6-h_3aH1WavGde_99NFAYa0IaAtgNEALw_wcBnot_found=1gor=rd_maurvet-minto) However you try to rationalise it, this is not normal behaviour.

EDIT: it's been brought to my attention that I need to change the phrase I used in this post: "strangled" is the correct word to use in this situation as it has an important distinction to "choked". 

To be choked is a blocking of the airways to the lungs by an internal obstruction.

To be strangled is to have your airways squeezed or constricted, especially with the intention of causing death.
		-- u/WinstonSEightyFour, 15661 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: Yellowstone is NOT "overdue" for an eruption. Not only is that not how volcanos work, only 5-15% of the magma in the magma chamber under the volcano is actually molten. The rest is completely solid and stable.

That isn't to say that the volcano could *never* have another supereruption, but scientists do not believe it *ever will.*

The "overdue" myth stems from the average time between the three eruptions in the volcano's life. Which is the average of two numbers, which is functionally useless.

But even if it wasn't useless and it *was* rock-solid evidence of an eruption, we **still** wouldn't be overdue. There's still 100,000 years to go before we reach the average time between eruptions. 

 For more information, [click here] (https://www.usgs.gov/faqs/yellowstone-overdue-eruption-when-will-yellowstone-erupt?qt-news_science_products=0#qt-news_science_products)
		-- u/Supertilt, 69284 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Yelp doesn't give away 'award' plaques to restaurants, the restaurant themselves pays Yelp ($150-$300) to receive one.

Got a call yesterday from Yelp buttering me up about how well my rankings/reviews are and how I had 'won' an award. 

Not only does Yelp want me to advertise their company on my restaurant's wall, for free, they want me to pay for an overpriced plaque ($150-$300 nonetheless!)

I said I might hang it up if it was free the guy said:
 "well, that wouldn't make any sense." 

Me: "Name one award where the recipient has to pay for their trophy?"

Yelp: "You have a pleasant afternoon Mr. *****"

Edit: Wow... Heh, glad I could spread the word; now people know.

Also, in response to everyone saying the Oscars, Grammys, Hollywood Star are the same thing, it's not, Yelp's deal is straight up backwards. The hollywood star (grammy, oscar, whatever rigged award) is paying to have your own name advertised on someone else's property (fair, logical) vs. a company wanting me to pay for their advertisement on my property (lol.)

(then again, anyone wearing clothes with huge logos is doing the same thing, but at least they get a shirt out of the deal.)
		-- u/mckinley72, 32292 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Yelp filters non-recommended reviews  has been accused of hiding good reviews for companies that refuse to pay them for advertising.

Scroll down to the bottom of each business page and click on “reviews that are not recommended.” 
		-- u/protegehype, 18756 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: You NEED (not should) to consider your financial well being before adopting an animal.

Why YSK: Animals are very expensive (and time consuming) to have if you want to PROPERLY take care of them. Of course, there are some outliers when it comes to this.

Veterinary care is expensive and can break you if you’re wallet isn’t ready for it. Look into insurance costs, what they cover, deductible and any other hoops they may have you jump through to get an animal insured. That small monthly cost may save you a few thousand and the stress of trying to come up with it if you don’t already have it. Also, check with vet offices in your area to see what insurance they will approve (and their reviews if you’re wanting quality care). Some vet offices even have financial assistance programs for animals to get the care they need while also relieving financial burden from the owner.
		-- u/ahabthecrusader, 27430 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: You can download the entirety of wikipedia, and store it on a USB drive

Wikipedia constantly dumps the database for their entire website. You can go to the link to find the right one for you.

The recommended one is described as "approximately 14 GB compressed, 58 GB uncompressed".
Use this in case your internet goes out and you gotta do research/kill time!

[Here's the page!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Database_download)
		-- u/Cancerbro, 20461 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: You can drag YouTube captions anywhere in the video frame instead of keeping them at the bottom

Why YSK: Sometimes it's hard to follow the captions and the video at the same time, especially if the "action" is at the top of the video frame or if you you need to really concentrate on what is being shown. By moving the captions box to a more ideal location, you can better multitask your viewing and reading! 

Full credit to my 15-year-old who showed me this
		-- u/daddy-daddy-cool, 10769 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: You can freely and legally download the entire Wikipedia database

Why YSK: 
Imagine a scenario with prolonged internet outages, such as wars or natural disasters. Having access to Wikipedia(knowledge) in such scenarios could be extremely valuable and very useful. 

The full English Wikipedia *without images/media* is only around 20-30GB, so it can even fit on a flash drive. 

Links:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Database_download 

or 

https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Data_dump_torrents

Remember to grab an offline-renderer to get correct formatting and clickable links.
		-- u/hl3official, 14938 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: You can send presents to less fortunate kids this Christmas by going online, selecting a USPS letter, and send the gift to the child!

What a great way to make a kid's Christmas a little brighter!

https://www.uspsoperationsanta.com/
		-- u/RandomUser0907, 13045 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: You can sign-up for free with the US Postal Service to get an email every morning that will show you the scanned images of everything you'll be receiving in your mailbox that day. It's called Informed Delivery, and can help eliminate "mailbox anxiety".

This service is great and very few people know about it. It really helps when you're expecting that important letter or don't want to make a trip to a distant community mailbox unless it's necessary.

[Informed Delivery ](https://informeddelivery.usps.com/box/pages/intro/start.action)
		-- u/The_Real_Snarktopus, 26123 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: You can tell car dealers to not apply dealership decals to your vehicle when you buy it.

Why YSK: Dealers won't apply those stickers until the vehicle is sold, so they can do dealer to dealer trades.  If you don't want to be a billboard for dealer you can tell them not to apply the stickers when you are buying.  If you want to throw them a bone, tell them you will accept the plate frames, which you can remove whenever much easier.
		-- u/digitalamish, 18342 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: You don't have to live with your apartment's shitty shower head. High-pressure shower heads are cheap and easy to install.

Why YSK: 'Quality of life' and 'quality of shower' go hand-in-hand for many people, and low water pressure can make you feel like you're showering in warm sweat. A high-pressure shower head can cost around $15 USD and should be able to be screwed on/off. I've had the same head through three apartments now and just put the old one back on when I move out.
		-- u/stoncils_, 24054 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: You should know about Take It Down, a anonymous new resource to remove online nudes taken of people under 18 years old. www.takeitdown.ncnec.org

Why YSK: Sextortion is the fastest growing crime that not enough people know about. Predators target kids/teens online, convince them to share incriminating photos, and then threaten to share them publicly if the kids or teens don’t share even more explicit photos or videos. These children and teens often feel too ashamed to let someone know, and their risk of self harm, depression and anxiety, and suicide goes way up. 

Take It Down: https://takeitdown.ncmec.org 

How does it work? You don’t have to show anyone the image or send it anywhere to get it taken down. Take It Down assigns a unique digital fingerprint, called a hash value, to photos that you select.  Online platforms that have agreed to participate use these values to detect and remove this content from their services. The image/video never leaves your device and no one has to view it. 

This service works anywhere in the world. 

If your pictures were taken when you were over 18, you can get help at www.stopncii.org. 

Report any type of online child sexual exploitation to the Cyber Tipline at www.cybertipline.org or call 1-800-THE-LOST (1-800-843-5678) 

New documentary film about a US Navy officer convicted of sextortion, to help you understand the extent of the issue, the impact on people, and to start the conversation with your kids and friends: Sextortion at https://sextortionfilm.com.
		-- u/Cleverusername531, 17423 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: You should know that Polygraph Machines are NOT lie detectors.

Why YSK: It is just a perpetuated myth that I think people should know about. While I do like the fact that it gives police an edge against real criminals, it could also be abused to frighten innocent individuals in an attempt to force a confession. Also, it is used by some companies and government organizations when they are hiring, which makes absolutely no sense since they are far less than accurate and they know that. Even the inventor of the original polygraph machine said it wasn't a lie detector and would be vocal about how it's bullshit. It only has around a 40% success rate when it comes to "spotting lies". It has an even lower success rate when you take into account people with anxiety, or people on drugs. Additionally, pathological liars and psychopaths usually pass polygraphs with flying colors. And people can be trained to pass the polygraph, you can alter results just by thinking stressful thoughts and clenching your butthole (seriously). Police know that it's BS and tend to stick to using it as an interrogation tool, but fuck that shit if a company tries to get you to take a polygraph to apply for a job.
		-- u/chutbuckly, 12539 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: You should support “kill” shelters. They are usually state owned and are required to take in every animal that they are given.

They simply just don’t have enough resources/funding to care for all the animals that they get. By supporting them, i.e. adopting from them, you are directing helping them not to have to put down any animals. Boycotting “kill” shelters just furthers the problem.

“No Kill” shelters are usually privately owned and can take in the animals they want. Because of this they don’t exceed their capacity or the amount of animal they are capable of caring for, so they don’t need to put down any animal. 

[Here’s](https://youtu.be/lpaKT6v_mAw) a good video from Kitten Lady that goes more in depth into this.
		-- u/beshemoth, 31389 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: You shouldn’t judge a beggar or homeless person for having something nice/expensive, it was probably given to them.

Why YSK: Homeless people get given stuff that other people don’t use all the time. Shoes, clothes, food, etc. I gave someone a brand new pair of shoes that didn’t fit me, but someone might look at those and think he is a bullshitter.
		-- u/Pmacandcheeze, 25909 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: You want to get your life, disability, and long-term care insurance BEFORE getting your genes tested

YSK: Life, disability, and long-term care insurance providers can discriminate based on genetic testing results. Health insurance providers can't. (ETA: This applies to the US. Other countries are different. Thanks to the commenters who pointed that out.)

Why YSK: Health insurers are forbidden to discriminate on the basis of genetics. Other insurers--like life, disability, and long-term care--aren't. So if you think you'll want genetic testing--and odds are you will someday--it's wise to get your life, disability, and long-term care policies set up first.
		-- u/vonhoother, 21806 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: You're not alone and this is not the end of life when you're being rejected from job applications

**Why YSK**: A much better future is waiting for you and you're being rejected to make yourselves available for the upcoming best opportunity in your life. You apply at your dream company X and got rejected, but you never know that there's a much better company Y in terms of work culture, pay and life until it comes to you. Up-skill yourselves, keep trying and never lose hope.

There are plenty of resources out there to help you out:

1. Large list of [nationwide remote opportunities](https://www.csueastbay.edu/ocpd/) released by California State University, covering openings from beginner to experienced levels. Keep an eye on them on regular basis as they update the list very frequently.
2. [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/)\-&gt; For free tutorials stuff covering multiple domains.
3. [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/) \-&gt; For free courses to upskill yourselves.
4. [BigInterview](https://biginterview.com/blog/) \-&gt; For crucial tips to excel yourselves in interviews. They will also provide candidate profile optimization tips, resume tips etc.
5. [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)\-&gt; For anyone who want to excel into programming and web applications.

At the end of the day, all you need is that "one" job offer that can change your life forever :)
		-- u/Jonese90, 26346 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: Your Vizio smart TV is spying on you unless you manually turn it off

About a year ago, [Vizio was fined $2.2 million dollar for collecting and selling customer viewing habits without their consent](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/business/vizio-television-vizio-collected-viewers-habits-consent.html). Their TVs do this by periodically capturing screenshots to figure out what viewers were watching and sold that information to third-parties, which was called "Automated Content Recognition" (ACR). 

Practically all of their newer models are shipped with this enabled by default and they even remotely turned on ACR on older models, but it can be disabled through a somewhat hidden menu setting. 

[Vizio's guide on disabling ACR] (https://support.vizio.com/s/article/Smart-Interactivity-Broadcast-Interactivity-FAQ-How-to-turn-Smart-Interactivity-Broadcast-Interactivity-on-or-off?language=en_US).

[How to disable it on Samsung, LG, Sony brand TVs](https://www.consumerreports.org/privacy/how-to-turn-off-smart-tv-snooping-features/).

**Edit:** Not only that, they also collect other private info of your devices, ["Vizio’s ACR software 'also periodically collects other information about the television, including IP address, wired and wireless MAC addresses, WiFi signal strength, nearby WiFi access points, and other items.'](https://consumerist.com/2017/02/06/vizio-to-pay-2-2-million-for-watching-tv-watchers-without-telling-them/) - Thanks /u/carlsan

		-- u/Andythefan, 15761 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Your car is likely collecting and sharing your personal data, including things from your driving type, clothing style, and sexual preferences.

Why YSK:  Recent findings from Mozilla's \*Privacy Not Included project revealed that the majority of modern cars, particularly those from 25 major brands including the likes of BMW, Ford, and Toyota, do not adhere to basic privacy and security standards. These internet-connected cars have been found to harvest a wide array of personal data such as your race, health information, where you drive, and even details concerning your sexual activity and immigration status.

Cars employ various tools such as microphones and cameras, in addition to the data collected from connected phones, to gather this information. It is then compiled and can potentially be sold or shared with third parties, including law enforcement and data brokers, for a range of purposes including targeted advertising. For instance, Nissan reserves the right to sell "preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes" to these entities, based on the data collected. Other brands have similarly concerned policies; Kia has the right to monitor your "sex life," while Mercedes-Benz includes a controversial app in its infotainment system.  

Despite car manufacturers being signatories to the "Consumer Privacy Protection Principles" of the Alliance for Automotive Innovation, Mozilla flagged these as non-binding and vague commitments, which are self-organized by the car manufacturers, and do not adequately address privacy concerns. Additionally, it was found that obtaining consent for data collection is often bypassed with the rationale that being a passenger equates to giving consent, and the onus is placed on drivers to inform passengers of privacy policies that are largely incomprehensible due to their complexity.  

Therefore, it is crucial to be aware that modern cars are potential privacy invasion tools, with substantial data collection capabilities, and that driving or being a passenger in such a vehicle involves a significant compromise on personal privacy.  

[https://gizmodo.com/mozilla-new-cars-data-privacy-report-1850805416](https://gizmodo.com/mozilla-new-cars-data-privacy-report-1850805416)

edit: Paragraphs for u/fl135790135790
		-- u/JewSyFur, 12518 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: Your career is a marathon, not a sprint. Working every hour under the sun rarely directly results in promotion

Why YSK: There are many contributing factors to getting a promotion, and not all of them are in your control. Remember when you’re putting in those extra hours that an extra hour worked will seldom bring you more than a fraction of an hour closer to promotion. So think carefully about whether you want to spend that time at work or with family, friends, loved ones etc. The office ain’t going anywhere - I promise.
		-- u/sazerrrac, 16655 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: Your cluttered sidewalk/walkway may be impeding upon a disabled person's independence and self-worth

My dad lost his left leg a year before I was born and for the past 5 years has been confined to a wheelchair. We went for a stroll on the sidewalk the other day and one of our neighbors had their walkway littered with debris -- tree branches upon tree branches, doing yard work probably -- which made the sidewalk completely inaccessible for him. I moved every piece of wood from concrete to grass while being told repeatedly "It's okay, it's okay, let's just go home."

It's understandable to expect other able-bodied people to easily walk around such inconveniences but for some people these (what seem to be) simple inconveniences can affect their overall livelihood and sense of independence (a desperately needed thing for most, if not all, people). If you own a spot of land with a sidewalk YSK that keeping it clear can really make or break someone's day.

Not sure if this has been mentioned before, sorry if it has been.
		-- u/asproutling, 19541 upvotes, 0.82 ratio.
%
YSK: Your last chance to save the freedom of fairly priced internet access is ENDING. Make our voices heard here!

		-- u/PhilxBefore, 78229 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK: Your mental imagery of drownings is probably wrong.

Hi, r/YouShouldKnow! I was a lifeguard for 5 years, eventually working my way up to running my city’s biggest aquatic facility with 20+ lifeguards on staff working under me at any given time. With Memorial Day coming up (the start of the summer season for my organization) and plenty of people looking to hit the beach or pool after missing out last year, there’s going to be lots of inexperienced swimmers back in the water… many of whom haven’t swum for at least two years.

When I ask people what they think a drowning victim looks like, they usually describe to me [something that looks like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWgONcX5VhQ) - someone shouting for help, raising their arms high, and making a lot of noise as they splash in the water.

This is a dramatic and somewhat inaccurate representation invented by Hollywood. Real active drownings tend to be much, much quieter events. 

Here’s a video with sound of [a girl who is actively drowning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beNheoRRdKkt=10s) before a lifeguard rescues her - notice how little sound she makes, and how little time it takes for her head to sink underwater. 

Active drowning is a state of panic in which someone is struggling to keep their head above water. A person who is actively drowning will instinctively do whatever they can to keep their head above water and will try to take in as much air as possible.

Why YSK: An actively drowning person won’t have the time nor breath to call for air, because every fiber of their being is focused on trying to keep their lungs full. I have seen many parents think their kids were completely fine when in reality, their kids were distressed or actively drowning less than five feet behind them.

Rather than trying to listen for sounds of drowning, keep on the lookout for people who are: struggling to keep their head above water and/or making big sweeping motions in an attempt to move water under them. If there is little to no pattern for how long their head is above water vs below water, there’s a good chance they’re actively drowning.

Here’s another video (also with sound) of [a child actively drowning](https://youtu.be/nANNAtq8Bpw?t=5) - again, I want to point your attention to how little sound the victim makes.

---

* What if I see someone who is drowning?

So say you’re a drowning-spotting expert now. You’re hanging out at the beach/pool, you're soaking some sun, and you successfully spot someone drowning - what do you do now?

For many people their first instinct is to dash into the water and help the victim - particularly if they are a child and/or relative.

Is this the part where I tell you that it’s a bad idea? Well… maybe.

In shallow water, it’s totally fine to mosey on over and pick up a child that’s struggling. If it’s deep water, then it’s a different story.

Please listen to what I’m about to say, because I cannot stress this enough - if you spot someone actively drowning in deep water, do not just jump in to try to save them. 

A person who is actively drowning is literally not thinking. They are acting out of pure instinct to push whatever objects they can underneath their body to stay above water, whether it be driftwood, floaties, or another human being.

I have seen parents jump into 12-feet deep water trying to save their struggling child, only to become a victim themselves when their child inevitably push the parent’s head underwater to try to stay afloat. PEOPLE WHO ARE ACTIVELY DROWNING WILL ALSO DROWN YOU.

Let me say that again - PEOPLE WHO ARE ACTIVELY DROWNING WILL ALSO DROWN YOU.

Let me let you in on a secret - you know the [ring buoys](http://www.americanlifeguard.net/Images/40ComfortGuard.jpg) or [shepherds hook](https://marydonahue.org/facultyfiles.deanza.edu/images/donahuemary//sheperdscrookonwall.jpg) you see hanging on the pool fence? Those are there for you. Many lifeguards aren’t even trained to use them, because it’s far quicker and easier for us to use ourselves and our rescue tubes to do rescues. Health codes in basically every US state, however, require pools to have them, because basically anyone can use them to help someone who is actively drowning.

So to get back to the question - what should you do if someone in front of you is actively drowning in deep water?

First off, if any lifeguards are nearby, direct their attention to the drowning person. Waving one arm over your head and pointing to the victim with your other arm while looking straight at a lifeguard is usually sufficient, and shouting “active drowning” will definitely grab the attention of any competent lifeguards on duty.

* But what if there are no lifeguards? Maybe I’m at a river, or a private beach, or it’s a “swim at my own risk” area.

The answer is that you should first make sure that you’re safely anchored to the shore - usually by holding onto a pole/tree with a hand, or by lying flat on the ground. Failing to anchor yourself could result in the victim pulling you into the water! Once safely anchored, you should extend anything you can to them for them to pull themselves to shore. Either the ring buoy or the shepherds hook that I mentioned above, a beach towel, your shirt, a tree branch - anything that the victim can grab onto and pull themselves on.

* What if they’re too far away, or I don’t have anything I can use to safely pull them in?

If you’re unable to locate a rope or long object that you can extend to the victim, then you’ll need to do two things - a.) try to throw buoyant objects for them to make use of (like beach balls, life jackets, or floaties), and b.) call 911 (or your local emergency number). 

I’ll say it again - it is not safe for you to attempt to help someone who is actively drowning in deep water if you don’t have any available tools to assist you. If you are unable to help someone who is actively drowning, then you should call your local emergency services as soon as possible.

After a brief period of time, active drowning victims will tire themselves out. At this point in time, they will likely lose consciousness and go limp. If someone in front of you is actively drowning in deep water, and you don’t have any tools you can use to bring them to shore safely, it is much safer for you to wait for them to “go passive” before bringing them in than it is for you to assist them while they’re still conscious. You can help someone who is unconscious, but you can’t help someone if you’re unconscious yourself.

It’s cold, it’s heartbreaking, and it’s painful to type these words, but it’s also how you can guarantee that one drowning person doesn’t turn into two.

EDIT: As reminded to me by u/frijolejoe, also important is that it's totally possible to drown on dry land after the fact! It's called dry drowning, and is very much fatal! When a victim ingests small amounts of water, sometimes it'll trigger a reflex that closes the airway. MONITOR YOUR CHILD FOR 30 MINUTES IF YOU JUST PULLED THEM OUT OF THE WATER. IF THEY HAVE DIFFICULTY BREATHING, CALL 911/YOUR LOCAL EMERGENCY NUMBER AND TRY TO CALM DOWN YOUR CHILD TO RELAX THEIR AIRWAY.

---

But don’t let me end this on a downer - here are some tips to help keep you and your loved ones safe!

1.  Stay within arm’s reach of your group, and especially keep track of beginner/poor/non-swimmers. If you’re a parent, it is your duty to keep watch of your children. Lifeguards are not there to babysit - they’re there to enforce rules and respond to emergencies.

2. Take a break at least once an hour to rest and rehydrate.

3. Whenever you enter a waterfront, pool, or aquatic facility, try to spot any ring buoys, shepherd hooks, or other safety equipment that you can run to if an emergency occurs.

4. Take it slow - stay in shallow areas until you’re confident that you’re able to tackle deeper areas safely. Do not pressure friends or family to enter areas they feel uncomfortable to enter.

5. Please listen to your lifeguards, if present - I promise you, we make our patrons’ safety our utmost priority… even if it means we have to be killjoys.

6. If you have time between now and when you hit the pool/beach, consider signing up for swim lessons! Often, your local city or municipality may offer them at extremely affordable rates!

Please do whatever you can to have a fun and safe time out in the water!

---

Disclaimer - I am not a medical professional nor am I liable for any injuries that may occur as a result of you following this advice. Please exercise your best judgement when in an emergency. When in doubt, call 911.
		-- u/042lej, 20155 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: Your vehicle’s battery can produce a deadly toxic gas called hydrogen sulfate (rotten egg smell).

I am a delivery driver for a living. Last Saturday my work truck began producing a rotten egg smell. I began to get dizzy, weak, and had difficulty breathing. Initially I thought it was an exhaust leak and carbon monoxide poisoning. I ended up having to call an ambulance as I thought I might pass out. I was taken to the emergency room and tested for carbon monoxide poisoning. My CO2 levels were elevated but not dangerous. It wasn’t until my boss called the next day and said there was no exhaust leak but the battery was boiling over causing the sulfur smell. I told my doctor and we changed directions in my treatment(chest X-rays, CT scan, etc). Unfortunately there is no treatment for hydrogen sulfide poisoning and I just have to give it time. There is mild, moderate, and severe levels of poisoning. I was at moderate. Severe is usually death. 

It’s been 5 days since the incident and I’m still getting winded and short of breath from any physical exertion. The doctor said it can take up to a month to fully recover. I’m hoping it’s MUCH sooner because I’m going to stir crazy not being able to work.

Why YSK: hydrogen sulfide gas can be deadly in high concentrations in 30 seconds. If you smell a rotten egg smell while driving your battery may be boiling and producing the deadly gas.

EDIT: It is hydrogen sulfide NOT sulfate.
		-- u/Phedis, 12335 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: Your waiter/bartender isn’t flirting with you, they are doing their job

I think this gets lost in translation a lot. In the US service industry, many of the staff rely on tips. We have regulars we may give freebies/discounts to every now and again, but we work for tips - not your cell phone number.

Edit: This isn’t a blanket statement, obviously some waitstaff due flirt. However, they usually make their intention known beyond “yes sir” and “no ma’am”
		-- u/hullabaloo4691, 25202 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
%
YSK: a lot of dumb people are really successful.

Why YSK: people who are successful aren’t any smarter or more capable than you. Stop letting self doubt be a barrier.
		-- u/slowlybackwards, 14387 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: abusers may try to guilt you into thinking you're a bad person

Why YSK: a lot of people, especially survivors of trauma, derive satisfaction believing they are good people. Survivors of trauma are also very susceptible to doubting this. Abusers will pick up on these signs and will try to make you feel like you're a bad person so they can manipulate you. They may even gossip about you to others so they can coordinate your social isolation. Believe in yourself and if you have doubts, check in with someone you can trust or better yet a therapist if you have access to one.
		-- u/ghost_herding, 13485 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: adding "filetype:pdf" to your google search query will make all results link to pdf documents. You can often use this to find good and full explanations of practical concepts in your field.

Why YSK:

Searching through webpages will often give you simplified, incomplete or waffling explanations, or just irrelevant stuff altogether. This has certainly been the case with engineering for me. Webpages take more effort to develop than simply uploading a pdf to the internet (and they are often made by people who just want your attention ). Which do you think the average expert/professional will prefer to do?

You'll find that this can take you to good, full explanations of a specific concept as pdf files; usually in the form of instructions, manuals, guides, lecture notes, white papers, application notes, preprints etc. - depending on the field. You can check the number of pages in each link on the google search page first to make sure it's not a giant textbook or a 1 page brochure or something before clicking. Check domain names as well for safety.
		-- u/[deleted], 19380 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: always google a company name + scam before buying anything from them

Why YSK: especially with small companies you see advertisements for on social media, you should always make sure a company you order from is not a scam, and it’s super easy to check.
		-- u/Margaret533, 25730 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: being asked to become manager of your team is not a promotion, it’s a career change.

Why YSK: even though you will remain in the same field of work and working with the same people, your new job requires a very different skill set from you while dealing with different problems. I’ve seen too many people being ‘promoted’ to manager only to discover they hate managing people and dealing with HR and finances. After a few months they leave the company because returning to a normal employee seems like a step back/failing for them.
		-- u/lieV_aapje, 22890 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: donating money to a soup kitchen or for bank is far more productive than donating food.

Why YSK: food banks and soup kitchens have connections and bulk buying power that they use to buy more than you can with the same amount of money. They can also buy fresh produce which cannot be donated easily by individuals.
		-- u/hotelstationery, 41398 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: eBay reads all your messages, and lower level employees can access your personal contact info.

Former eBay employee here. After all the news that has come out about the execs terrorizing that poor couple, I feel like this is important to share. When I worked at eBay, I could easily read anyone’s messages and see all their personal info just by looking them up by name - and I was customer support at the lowest level. 

eBay supports a culture that could easily lead to stalking. Please consider this when you use any private website - I’m sure it’s no different. 

EDIT: fixed the amp link. 

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/james-baugh-6-ebay-employees-charged-cyberstalking-cockroaches-pig/
		-- u/encrcne, 17605 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: if a deer runs across the road in front of you, never swerve. Instead, brake as much as you can safely, and flash your lights if there's enough time.

**Why YSK:** It could save your life and your car. Swerving makes you much more likely to: 

- lose control of the vehicle
- hit another driver
- or even hit the deer (if it would've otherwise made it across the road).

Braking reduces the likelihood of damage to any party involved, even if you *do* hit the deer. 

(Or...you know, it hits you. As deer are wont to do.)

**If it's unsafe (or impossible) to brake enough to avoid the animal altogether**, maybe because another driver's behind you, or maybe because there just isn't time, brake as much as you safely can, then release the brake right before hitting the deer. 

This will buck (heh) the nose of your vehicle upwards, reducing the chance of the deer going through the windshield.

**Never speed up if you're about to hit the deer.** This is never safer. That's a myth. It just increases the chances of losing control of the vehicle, and the likelihood of serious damage in general.

Post inspired by the herbivore who just pulled a surprise horizontal trust fall in front of my Highlander tonight. Even braking, it ended up being the second time I've ever made contact with a deer on the interstate.

The first time, I swerved, totaled my car, and that deer went straight to deer heaven.

This time, even the deer seemed alright. And the car wasn't even dented.

Wish I'd known this sooner. 👍

-------

edit: added it to the title, but forgot to elaborate in here originally - deer have no idea what flashing lights mean. If anything, they'll just freeze in the light. Flashing lights isn't to scare them away, it's to warn oncoming drivers about a possible hazard in the road at night. If it's daytime or nobody else's around, that part's n/a.

Also the commenters mentioning "where there's one deer, there's more" are 100% right. Great warning about safely avoiding herd animals.
		-- u/PM_ME_PARR0TS, 14276 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: if a job makes you pay money to work for them, it’s a scam. Period.

Basically any MLM.
		-- u/TheLuchy, 15918 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: if a rock comes off of a truck and damages your windshield, the truck driver will be held responsible for damages

A lot of gravel trucks have decals that read “stay back 200ft” or “not responsible for damages” to deter people into thinking the company/driver isn’t liable for damages, but that isn’t true. Decals are not legally binding.

All drivers are responsible for securing their load. In the event that an unsecured load damages your vehicle, you should always take the driver’s license plate number.
		-- u/[deleted], 32836 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: if someone yells “behind” in a kitchen, it means “don’t move or I’ll hit you.” They’re not asking you to step aside.

Why YSK: people have workplace accidents because of this misunderstanding all the time. If somebody is carrying, say, a scalding hot pot of soup and they say “behind,” a lot of newbies first instinct is to jump out of the way, resulting in them colliding with the person who called out. Instead, stand stock still until they’ve passed.

Interestingly, a similar problem occurs on bike paths when someone calls out “coming up on your left!” Many people have the inclination to hop laterally, causing an accident. Instead, just stay where you are, moving predictably.
		-- u/[deleted], 36686 upvotes, 0.84 ratio.
%
YSK: if you are on ANY company website that sells you a product or service, or has any vested interest (will make money on) that products promotion then the reviews displayed on their website are likely "curated" or filtered.

I work in SEO/Digital Marketing and a huge part of my job is online reputation management, it's an incredibly depressing, frustrating and complex task that often leads to my only working with smaller companies/brands. Almost every large, national/international brand filters reviews and if they are a retailer/manufacturer it's practically guaranteed that they are. There are even companies whose entire business model is filtering reviews to display on your site and you can set limits for how many of each star rating to display.

I am against review filtering but here's the truth - If two companies carry a product and all other factors are equal (purchase history, location, proximity, price, etc) then the item that has 4.6 stars on site A will likely place higher in search results than the exact same item with 4.2 stars on site B. In almost all TOS for reviews they include the right to delete or alter your review for any/no reason.

Why YSK: Most consumers trust and use online reviews to evaluate their purchases but if the company can make money by selling the product it's in their best interest to not show all negative reviews so you're likely not getting the actual recommendation you might think.
		-- u/AnxietyDepressedFun, 13133 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: if you get something from amazon twice, just keep it. They don't want it back.

If you order something, it gets delayed, but you already informed amazon that I got lost in the mail. Now they sent you the thing again, and you have it twice. At this point you should keep it.

Why YSK: If you give it back, it will likely go to a landfill. Even if it gets sold again, it will cost amazon so much, they don't even want it.

If you don't need it, give it to a friend or family member, or even sell it to someone close to you.

Note: I don't know if this applies to third party sellers
		-- u/ThicColt, 16918 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: if you have an exceptional dog that is well behaved and smart, get a puppy before your dog gets too old to get around. The adult dog will teach the new puppy how he should act in your home.

This was the best advice our vet gave us. We've done this 4 times. A couple pups still needed a bit of training but not nearly as much as our first dog.

Edit: an example is when we brought home a new puppy and we were training him to do stuff, sit, stay, etc. When we got to roll over the pup just didn't get what he was supposed to do. After about 5-10 minutes the older dog sighed, nudged the pup so he would look at him and then did the trick. He did the trick a few times and the puppy finally caught on.

Edit 2: please note This isn't for every dog. The dog has to be well TRAINED first. YOU have to be able to control your dog via training. 

Edit 3: thank you for the silver!

Edit 4: let me stress that just being a good boy isn't what I mean when I say well behaved. The dog has to be trained properly first. He has to know what behavior is expected of him. Then when you get the new dog he can help teach the dog how he is expected to behave. Basic training should still be part of the new dog's life.
		-- u/PunkAssBabyKitty, 34186 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: if you have trouble getting out of bed in the morning, try sleeping with your curtains open.

Why YSK: Getting good sleep is essential for a healthy day to day life. As someone who slept terribly for a few years, this small tip helped me out immensely.

During my college years, i slept in a room with no windows. Pitch black. I'd wake up at 6am every morning feeling like i had been hit by a truck and it would take me pretty much half of the morning to get my brain going. After that, i moved and had a bedroom with one window over my bed. Out of lazyness, i started sleeping with the curtains open and over time noticed i slept better, woke up fresher and not feeling as heavy as before. I looked it up and basically what happens is that the gradual increase in the level of light in the room will stop the melatonin production in your brain, essentially making you less sleepy over time, even while you are still asleep, so you don't jump from deep sleep state to awake. This will help you get out of bed easier and up and running much faster. Here's a short article on how to sleep better: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.sciencefocus.com/the-human-body/how-to-get-the-perfect-nights-sleep/amp/

I hope someone finds this useful. For me it was a game changer. Everyone's sleep is different, so give it a try, you've got nothing to lose :)
		-- u/lemaxim, 13673 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK: if you raise the height of your vehicle you need to adjust the angle your headlights down.

Why YSK: a lot of raised vehicles do not adjust their headlight position. The height adjustment ends up shining into other drivers’ eyes at an angle similar to high-beams, which is dangerous (and/or sucks to be on the receiving end). 

The reason high-beams are called high beams is because they are angled to illuminate the road about twice as far as low-beams. When a vehicle is raised, low-beams can turn into high-beams.
		-- u/Bigringcycling, 13354 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: if you take extra time in a drive thru, the cashier(s) will often get in trouble for it.

Why YSK: Most drive thrus have timers inside. Depending on the store, they are often unreasonable and impossible to maintain, to "promote more productivity".

In reality, this means that customers who read the menu, don't pull away fast enough, or generally spend more than 90 seconds (total) in the drive thru, can be a cause of a lot of stress on cashiers. 

As anyone who's worked customer service can tell you, managers often make life much harder. This standard was a huge problem when I worked a drive thru a few years ago. Threats of being written up or fired over a car that took two minutes to leave the store from the time it pulled to the speaker is ridiculous, but sadly also a daily occurrence. And the poor customer who just needed to read the menu has no idea that maybe *they* were the straw that broke the camel's back and lost that person their job.

What you can do: if you don't know what you want, go inside if you're able. They'll be trying to get your food almost as quickly, but they won't get in trouble. You'll also have a much easier time making special requests or instructions. 

If you really can't go inside, look it up. Figure out what you want before arriving. Streamlining the process will come back around when all the employees love you for making their jobs easier.

And, please, don't verbally abuse the cashiers like every other customer. You're not above them. If you want to be treated like royalty, fast food isn't the place the do it.

EDIT: A lot of the comments seem to be about this similar point. No, none of this is the customer's responsibility. Yes, it's a horribly flawed system. Still, that doesn't stop that cashier from learning what an anxiety attack is at their first job.

Double edit: I love how polarizing the comments are. If your response is "not my problem" or "stop blaming the customers for awful management" it's very clear you've never been in that position. If it was as simple as saying something the problem wouldn't exist in the first place. I don't *want* to blame the customers, but unfortunately they're the only variable with the power to make life easier on that poor kid inside who thinks life is gonna be horrible because jobs are like this. So if you have any amount of empathy, your response should be "okay, I'll take thirty seconds to be kind" rather than "how dare they inconvenience *me* when I'm *paying* to go to *their* establishment".

For reference, I've been at Wendy's and El Pollo Loco. Had a friend at burger kind who I'd talk about this with and he had the same experience.
		-- u/swagmain, 11789 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK: if you're using cheap oven mits you shouldn't pull anything out of the oven if the mits are wet.

Why YSK: Because I just burned my hand doing this. Thanks for attending my Ted talk.
		-- u/Zro6, 12401 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: if your friends and family tell you you're being conned, you're almost certainly being conned.

 **Why YSK:**  

Con  artists are professional predators. It doesn't make you weak or stupid  to fall for a con. It just means you had unmet needs that a professional  was able to spot and exploit for personal gain. Again, you're not weak  or stupid. You're probably just out of your league because you're up  against a professional.

If your  friends and family tell you this new person in your life might be con  artist, immediately stop giving that person money, information and  access. If, in response, they try to convince you that everyone else is  lying, that only they can be trusted, you can be certain they are, in  fact, taking advantage of you. "Everyone is lying except me" is NOT a  normal friendship dynamic and is very strong evidence you're talking to a  criminal. You will make other friends. There are plenty of fish in the  sea. (YSAK I posted this on LPT and it was modded, so here I am)
		-- u/[deleted], 13347 upvotes, 0.98 ratio.
%
YSK: if your pet sits with its head against the wall, you should bring them to the vet ASAP.

If your pet stands/sits like this

 https://imgur.com/a/RsofzOd

You should take them to the vet.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Head_pressing

Possible causes are: brain tumor, metabolic disorder, stroke, head trauma and more.

I stumbled upon an article about head pressing while browsing a pet website and I had no idea this was a thing. I honestly thought they were cute doing that, when I saw a few pics around. Turns out, something that looks so innocent can hide a big problem. The more you know!

Edit: I want to point out that I'm not a vet or an expert, I'm just an owner. I stumbled upon this article casually but you also need to know that *any* behavioral change in your pet could be a cause of concern. Sometimes it can be head pressing, sometimes it can be associated to walking in circles, being aggressive or generally acting odd (which you, as the owner, will be able to tell better than anyone else). I'm replying to comments with what is my opinion but if you have any concerns, please get your pets checked up. It's better safe than sorry. I wish I could help you further but I don't have the knowledge to do it.

I'm so sorry to all of you who experienced a loss of a pet, it's one of the worst things and nothing I can say could ever make it better. Just thank you for the love and attention you gave them while they were with us. You surely made their lives better.

Much love to you all and all your little friends!
		-- u/[deleted], 45607 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: in the US more people died from the flu in 2018 than from opiates during the worst year of the "opiate epidemic" (2017). Go get your flu shot.

In 2018 the us had 80,000 deaths as a result of flu complications while the during the worst year of the opiate epidemic (2017 so far) deaths from opiate overdose were just over 70,000. Additionally, on top of deaths there were hundreds of thousands of hospital visits, millions in economic losses as a result of the flu. Furthermore this was even the worst flu recorded in history(50 million deaths from the 1918 flu world wide).
So go out and get your vaccine, it's not too late and it could save your or prevent you from spreading it to children and elderly (most at risk).

Also I want to point out that I am not trying to play down the opiate epidemic, these are both serious problems, I just used it to highlight how important the flu is as most people acknowledge the opiate epidemic but ignore the yearly flu epidemic. Also, of you are struggling with opiates please seek help it's not too late, here is a link that can assist you.  https://www.samhsa.gov/find-help/national-helpline

Lastly for those interested in learning more about vaccination here is a link to the podcast "this week in virology"  on which a panel of R1 researchers address and debunk many of the common antivax myths. It's a tad long but VERY informative, and interesting. Plus it would be hard to find a better source of info on the topic that's easily accessible

Twiv496 "Vaccines work, whether or not you believe in them" -&gt;http://www.microbe.tv/twiv/twiv-496/

Also before the antivaxer begin attacking, I challenge you to find one thing factually in accurate in podcast episode. If you can prove, with valid sources, that the professors have said something wrong I will remove this post.

CDC link for opiate deaths-&gt;https://www.cdc.gov/drugoverdose/data/statedeaths.html

Flu deaths-&gt; https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/last-years-flu-broke-records-for-deaths-and-illnesses-new-cdc-numbers-show/2018/09/26/97cb43fc-c0ed-11e8-90c9-23f963eea204_story.html

Edit: the reason "opiate epidemic" is in quotations is because the definition of an epidemic is "a widespread occurrence of an infectious disease in a community at a particular time". Opiates are not infectious and do not properly fit the description hence the quotes. I gave resources to help people and clarified that I am not down playing the seriousness of the problem.

Edit2:   The amount of pseudo science being promoted in this thread is absurd. Just to clarify every one is suceptible the flu, unless you have memory to the virus and because of frequent mutations this only last for about a year. Also yes OBVIOUSLY the elderly are more at risk then the general public but young children and occasionally perfectly healthy adults can have very intense reactions. Also for the people who won't die from the flu(or are unlikely to) there are many many other negative impacts, such as loss of work hospitalization and just feeling like shit for a long period of time. ALSO the flu shot CANNOT give you the flu. True it's not always the most effective but even when it's not very effective it can shorten how long you are sick , decrease the symptoms, and you will produce less viral particles.
		-- u/Not_so_ghetto, 21993 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: in times of indefinite confinement, it's vital to keep a schedule. Set an alarm. Do a morning exercise routine. Have tea at four. It helps to cope, and keeping yourself busy helps prevent depression.

Stay strong, peeps.
		-- u/[deleted], 37564 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: it is better for both human and cat if you adopt kittens in pairs

Why YSK: with Christmas upcoming many people will be getting a Christmas kitten. If at all possible, you should adopt a pair of kittens. Most rescues and shelters will be thrilled to help you find a pair that get along and would love to go to a home together.

For you: It's less work, the kittens will play with each other and socialize with each other as well as you. Plus kittens learn to play gently with a friend and are less likely to bite/scratch you.

 For them: Cats are meant to be social and if you adopt a cat/kitten alone you are committing to be their WHOLE social life. When you're at work, when you're busy, when you just spent an hour with the cat and now have other things to do, your cat is left on its own with nobody to play or socialize with. If there is second one they can keep each other company and chase each other around the house. Having a second kitten/cat can drastically reduce their loneliness and dependence on you for any and all stimulation.

It can be hard for an adult cat to accept new animals so it is much better to adopt 2 kittens at the same time so neither has to feel threatened or territorial. Here is an article from someone much more qualified than me explaining how important this is for your animal's wellbeing [http://www.kittenlady.org/twokittens](http://www.kittenlady.org/twokittens)

TLDR: less work for you, significantly better for the wellbeing of your future cats, adopt kittens in pairs
		-- u/ASprinkleofSparkles, 16921 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: it is illegal for companies to prevent or prohibit you from talking about your pay and working conditions with coworkers

It's common practice, but not legal in any sense, even if they have company policies. Also not legal to fire you for doing it. 

Edit: This is referring to the US, but I encourage anyone else to look into laws in their countries. A lot of them have similar laws.
		-- u/Saravaw, 22750 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: just because everyone around you is an asshole, doesn’t necessarily mean you are

Why YSK: there’s a saying: if everyone around you is an asshole you might be the actual asshole. Here’s why that’s not always the case. 

People who suffered from trauma (specifically childhood trauma) are often attracted to people similar to the ones they grew up with. Your brain doesn’t care if it’s healthy or unhealthy—your brain cares that it’s familiar. In the same way that you may need to be careful of the partner you choose, be careful of your work environment, friends, and social community. 

Certain environments attract a certain type of individual, all who might be similarly distasteful or toxic to you. 

A better quote would be “before you diagnose yourself with low self esteem, be sure you are not, in fact, surrounded by assholes”.

It is in fact quite possible to be surrounded with toxic people (or at least people you don’t mesh with/people who don’t understand or appreciate you), without being an asshole yourself.
		-- u/alligatorprincess007, 17816 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK: most commerical semi trucks are governed to 65mph

Why YSK: as a commercial truck driver I often get flipped the bird and other beautiful sign language while driving. Most of the time it's after it's taken me a little while to either pass a fellow truck driver or someone in a regular passenger vehicle that just can't find the gas pedal. We don't purposely pass that other vehicle slowly unfortunately that's as fast as we can go. So next time your behind a semi and wondering why on earth he's driving so slow, it's because we have to.

Edit: thank you everyone for the awards I appreciate all the positive and negative feedback. I'm glad I could make some people aware of it and hope I don't receive as many "number one fan signs" as I do.

This post doesn't speak for **ALL** truck driver's like my title says **MOST** trucks can't go faster then 65mph and you must remember we are people to and people can be assholes I'm sure there are some trucker's that like driving slow and holding up traffic but I'd like to think most aren't that malevolent and aren't trying to slow you down on purpose.
		-- u/Ohhhshet, 18360 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK: reverse image search with google app before you buy anything on Wayfair

Why YSK: It will save you money.

Wayfair has a deal with their suppliers that they can change they name of their items. If you try to search for said item you won’t find anything online. They do this purposefully so they can jack up the prices on you.

We figured this out because we bought a Wayfair “exclusive” item. Didn’t even think to look elsewhere and then got the package and it had a completely different name. So we looked that up and the accent cabinets we bought were $75 cheaper on the Home Depot site. I’ve done this with multiple items since and have found every single item except one for cheaper.
		-- u/Kgcampbell, 15256 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: that 3,000 areas in the U.S. have lead poisoning rates double those in Flint

[A Reuters investigation found high lead levels in numerous areas of the U.S. recently.](https://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/usa-lead-testing/)

Lead can cause [severe health problems.](https://www.cdc.gov/niosh/topics/lead/health.html)

**You can look up** [**whether your area is affected**](https://www.vox.com/a/lead-exposure-risk-map)**,** and purchase a *certified* filter to clean your water.

## Edit: Thanks to folks who pointed out that [lead paint is a major concern in these affected areas.](https://www.epa.gov/lead/protect-your-family-exposures-lead)

*Edit 2: PSA, if you live in military housing,* [*the government*](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-military-cleanup-exclusive/exclusive-us-army-forms-plan-to-test-40000-homes-for-lead-following-reuters-report-idUSKCN1LC1ZH) *did something* *following the report, so this may not apply to you.*

*Edit 3:* [*CNN has also produced a report, specifically about lead in drinking water*](https://www.cnn.com/2016/06/28/us/epa-lead-in-u-s-water-systems/index.html)

*Edit 4:* ***BONUS*** \- [check if you live near a hazardous waste site (EPA Superfund)](https://www.epa.gov/superfund/search-superfund-sites-where-you-live)

*Edit 5: Thanks for the silver!  I will continue drawing attention to important issues* [as I have done in the past.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/4b5h3k/is_this_the_best_ever_name_for_a_ship_rrs_boaty/) /s

*TL;DR - Get it tested before you put it in your mouth, check your paint.*
		-- u/Xsythe, 21608 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: that a simple way of showing affection towards you male friends, especially as a man who has a hard time being affectionate, is to say: "I appreciate hanging out with you." or "I appreciate these talks that we have." or simply "I appreciate you."

Why YSK? Because man to man affection is usually really low or non-existant. Heck, men receiving compliments or affection, at least if they have no partner, is quite rare in general. Sure, some men receive and give affectionate compliments more often than others. But from what I can tell, a lot of men need a lot more affection.

And saying that you appreciate someone is a pretty harmless way to be really affectionate without it coming off as flirting nor silly nor difficult to say as "I love you as a friend". I just realized this when a friend started doing so in recent times.

Perhaps it could have great effect on your friends of either gender.
		-- u/Curse_of_madness, 12677 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK: that if a person changes their behavior towards you in a negative way, you should not ask a question centered around you, but rather one centered around them.

For example: someone becomes distant, rude, or angry with you and you dont know why. Sometimes your first instinct is to ask a question like "Why are you angry with me?"

Any "why....me" question is an especially poor choice because it both shows you're the center of your concern and makes the assumption that whatever is going on with them has something to do with you. This is not always true and having to explain that would just be an additional frustration to the person. 

Even if you were to revise the question to eliminate the accusation/assumption, such as: "are you angry with me?". 
This puts them on the defensive because you are making them explain their recent behavior and actions in regards to you, when they could, in fact, have absolutely nothing to do with you. It also communicates that you're not really concerned with them, but how they are treating you and how they are effecting you. 

What you should ask instead: "Are you ok?" 
This lets them know that you noticed something was off with them and you are concerned for them, not yourself. 

Why YSK:

Often times people change their behavior towards you due to factors that have absolutely nothing to do with you. They don't need you troubling them with your feelings on top of their own, and they may need you to help them through whatever the real problem is. We are all human and sometimes let our problems bleed into other aspects of our lives. This should be interpreted as more of a cry for help than an assault on others.
		-- u/Mikealoped, 13309 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: that if something's worth doing, it's worth doing poorly.

A wise man once said that, I can't remember where I heard it, but it boils down to this:

Why YSK: If something is important, it's usually better to half-ass it than it is to not do it at all.

Some examples: 
Got a big test tomorrow and not up to studying? Study for 15 minutes. A 40 is much better than a 0.
Don't feel like working out today? Go for a walk.
Too busy for breakfast? Drink a cup of milk.
Stayed up too late? Go to bed right now. 3 hours of sleep is superior to none.
The pile of dirty dishes too daunting? Wash 5.
Can't do the whole yard? Mow the front.

The principle can be applied to various situations in life. Often times you may find that after you get started, you feel motivated to complete the task, but if not, hey...you did part of it, and that's nothing to sneeze at (and it's certainly better than nothing.)

Y'all take care of yourselves
		-- u/minecart6, 63162 upvotes, 0.92 ratio.
%
YSK: that your Uber drivers rate you as a passenger based on your behaviour during the trips. It is located in your profile and the best is 5-star.

Why YSK: This rating will determine the likelihood of you getting picked up during busy times and when getting long rides. Be nice to your drivers and don't be the drunk asshole!
		-- u/pubchikntendrsub, 18423 upvotes, 0.89 ratio.
%
YSK: the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act of 1975 (USA) says that the manufacturer can’t void your warranty just because you disassembled your device. Instead, they have to prove that whatever malfunction occurred was because you disassembled the product. (Similar laws exist in many other countries.)

Why YSK: When I am cracking open an electronic item for repair or harvest, I often run into sternly-worded stickers which warn me that if I go any further “Your warranty may be voided”. This is generally not true, per the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act.

Ref: https://www.ifixit.com/News/11748/warranty-stickers-are-illegal
		-- u/oncobomber, 24887 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: there’s an organization that will help you out if you’re having a bad psychedelic experience. The website is: https://firesideproject.org

Why YSK: there is a non profit that offers support lines via text and call to help with anyone having a bad psychedelic experience. This is incredibly helpful for someone going through a tough time while using psychedelic substances.
		-- u/[deleted], 14560 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: this is your yearly reminder with the holidays coming up. If someone declines alcohol don't push it.

Why YSK: the holidays are a really tough time for recovering alcoholics or people who quit for different reasons. If someone declines alcohol, don't make a scene or try to convince them to drink anyways.

Have fun, don't kill your family and stay safe
		-- u/patrickdm1998, 37963 upvotes, 0.86 ratio.
%
YSK: waiting 24-48 hours to report a missing person is a Hollywood myth. Those hours are the most crucial to getting help.

Why YSK:

Hollywood has brainwashed a lot of people into thinking that the police will simply shrug and say "sorry, we can't do anything until so-and-so has been missing for 48 hours".  This is absolutely not true, and an extremely dangerous lie.  

The first hours after someone has been noted to be missing are far and away the most important.  If you genuinely suspect that something has happened to somebody, ***do not wait to call the police*****.**  

The sooner you call, the better.  It may save a life.
		-- u/AlwaysTheNoob, 19894 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: water heaters have an anode rod that prevents the tank from corroding. If you replace it every few years, it will extend the life of your water heater from ~10 years to potentially 25+ years.

Why YSK: Water heaters use an anode rod to attract and remove sediments from the water being heated. An anode rod will corrode and deteriorate over time until it’s no longer capable of functioning and has to be replaced. This part literally sacrifices itself to keep the tank in optimal condition. That’s why it’s also referred to as a sacrificial anode. Without it, the water tank would start corroding from the inside out which would eventually result in a severe leak at the bottom.

After the anode rod deteriorates, the tank will begin corroding. This is the reason water heaters typically only last 5-15 years. If you replace the rod every few years (cheap and easy), it will extend the life of water heater by decades.

[Info on how to replace.](https://www.waterheaterhub.com/water-heater-anode-rod-replacement/)
		-- u/ryankrameretc, 38162 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: when applying to companies abroad, adapt the information in your application to an international context (including adding country phone codes)

When applying to a company abroad, make sure that the information you present is understandable for someone from that country.

This includes:
* Adding the country codes to your phone number (+1 for US)
* Adding the country to places you worked / studied instead of only states
* Adding the country / city where you're living
* Not using abbreviations that may not be understood from someone with a different background

Why YSK? Not doing this hinders your chance of getting that job because it makes it more difficult for the company to understand your application. Also, it makes you look like you either lack intercultural competence which  companies hiring international applicants will most likely care about and/or indicate that you aren't aware that the job you just applied to is not in your home country and you didn't care to look it up, which almost every company will care about. 

Source: I'm a hiring manager at a European company and every application from US Americans I have received recently makes this mistake (seems to be a uniquely American thing but it's of course still applicable for others as well). The first time I received an application with a phone code of (321) or something I was wondering what country code this was until I figured out it's from the US.
		-- u/IMakeFriendsWithCake, 11898 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: when you buy digital media online, you don't own it, you're just licensed to watch it. that can be taken away.

Why YSK: just because you "buy" something digitally, doesn't mean the same when you physically buy something. you are buying ACCESS to the content. don't be surprised if the company revokes access. 

[A user lost access to his movies in apple's ecosystem](https://www.forbes.com/sites/johnarcher/2018/09/17/apple-responds-to-disappearing-itunes-movie-purchases-issue/1). it was a [licensing issue](https://www.macobserver.com/analysis/apple-isnt-deleting-itunes-movies/)

If you look at amazon's policy for the content providers that want to use Amazon's platform: https://videodirect.amazon.com/home/agreement?ref_=avd_hm_ft_la

Under Section "6. General Description of the Service; Distribution Modes:"
&gt;(a) **purchase a license to access** digital copies ...
 
&gt;(b) **purchase a license to access** digital copies ...

&gt;(c) **access** audio visual content via ...

&gt;(d) **access** audio visual content ....

Nowhere does it mention you own a copy of the audio/visual content. [A lawsuit against Apple for using "buying" when you don't really buy anything](https://screencrush.com/do-you-own-movies-you-buy-in-itunes-forever/)
&gt; "Apple tried to get the lawsuit dismissed, claiming that consumers know that buying something on iTunes doesn’t mean buying it forever."

[You don't own games from EA, only a license to the content](https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBTERMS/US/en/PC/#section2)
&gt; **The EA Services are licensed to you, not sold**. EA grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable, revocable and non-exclusive license to use the EA Services to which you have access for your non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement.

Some reddit examples: 

* [EA has deleted my account after they refused to refund me for battlefield 2042 within 14 days of purchase (UK law). I made a chargeback dispute through my credit card. I have now lost all my other EA games, purchases and progress.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/r7608x/ea_has_deleted_my_account_after_they_refused_to/)
		-- u/lost12, 15586 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: when you buy digital media online, you don't own it, you're just licensed to watch it. that can be taken away.

a while big, there was a bit of drama about a guy [losing his movies in apple's ecosystem](https://www.forbes.com/sites/johnarcher/2018/09/17/apple-responds-to-disappearing-itunes-movie-purchases-issue/1). it was a [licensing issue](https://www.macobserver.com/analysis/apple-isnt-deleting-itunes-movies/)

If you look at amazon's policy for the content providers that want to use Amazon's platform: https://videodirect.amazon.com/home/agreement?ref_=avd_hm_ft_la

Under Section "6. General Description of the Service; Distribution Modes:"
&gt;(a) **purchase a license to access** digital copies ...
 
&gt;(b) **purchase a license to access** digital copies ...

&gt;(c) **access** audio visual content via ...

&gt;(d) **access** audio visual content ....

Nowhere does it mention you own a copy of the audio/visual content
		-- u/lost12, 18366 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: when you go to Taco Bell and they ask you to do the survey, if you do it and recognize an employee in the review they get $2 added to their paycheck

It is a super easy and fast way to help someone earn a little cash. It takes 2 minutes tops to complete AND you get put into a drawing for $500.

Edit: apparently only some franchises do this, not corporate stores. But people have mentioned in the comments that saying someone did a good job can lead to praise or a raise down the line
		-- u/cleigh103, 13156 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: why us flight attendants ask you to open the window shades before takeoff and landing

Why YSK:  
In addition, we always turn off the lights in the cabin at  this time. This is so that the human eye can get used to the level of  light outside the cabin. In case of an emergency situation and an urgent  need to leave the cabin, it is very important that the person can  immediately orient himself to his surroundings outside the plane and not  wait for his eyes to become accustomed to bright light or darkness.
		-- u/Nearby_Acanthaceae_7, 12390 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: why we (flight attendants) ask you to open the window shades before takeoff and landing

Why YSK:   
In addition, we always turn off the lights in the cabin at this time. This is so that the human eye can get used to the level of light outside the cabin. In case of an emergency situation and an urgent need to leave the cabin, it is very important that the person can immediately orient himself to his surroundings outside the plane and not wait for his eyes to become accustomed to bright light or darkness.
		-- u/TerraFormer001, 43298 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK: you are entitled to a refund if an airline cancels your ticket. Not a voucher or credit — a refund.

I spent all day on the phone talking to Spirit Airlines, which is notoriously bad with customer service. They’ve cancelled Northeast flights and I wanted my money back. The service member working with me refused to refund me several times until I did the research and quoted the US Department of Transportation, whose website says, “if your flight is cancelled and you choose to cancel your trip as a result, you are entitled to a refund for the unused transportation.” I also threatened to have my credit card company dispute the charge. Know your rights!

EDIT: US Department of Transportation website, which includes a link for consumer complaints for airlines that aren’t honoring this regulation: https://www.transportation.gov/individuals/aviation-consumer-protection/refunds
		-- u/want-to-change, 39491 upvotes, 0.97 ratio.
%
YSK: you can get internet in the USA under 30 bucks or free if you make less than $18,647 per year by going to https://www.whitehouse.gov/getinternet/?utm_source=getinternet.gov

Why YSK is because I just helped my little brother get it because he is disabled. He was paying over $100 a month for 25 mbps and now he is getting 100mbps for 29.99 a month. He lives in farm country so no high speed is available but this is way better for way less. When you are poor, every little bit helps. Especially now with the inflation and gas prices.

Added: thank you to all those that added links to other programs or posted alternate methods! It’s nice to have other pitch in!

Added: www.getinternet.gov
		-- u/[deleted], 19693 upvotes, 0.95 ratio.
%
YSK: you can replace your social security number card up to 3 times a year with a limit of 10 times in your lifetime.

This only applies for the United States. [Source](https://www.ssa.gov/OP_Home/cfr20/422/422-0103.htm)
		-- u/Fire_______, 17366 upvotes, 0.85 ratio.
%
YSK: you can take almost any reasonable food to the airport through security

Why YSK: many people just say they'll eat at the airport while airport restaurants are stupid and expensive due to the convenience. You can save money and calories by bringing food with you. Hell stop on the way at a sandwich place!

Often when I leave for a trip, there's food left in the fridge. You do not need to throw it out. And if you prepare, you can bring a good meal! I've taken a full stir fry in an old to go container through TSA. Bring full sandwiches and chips. You can bring all the snacks you like and left over fruits. If you have an old take out container, you can eat and trash it there. You do not need to eat there. Many people domt realize you can.

This does not include liquids obviously, but could include frozen soup (if we're really splitting hairs, you can bring frozen chili). Obviously there are fruit restrictions as well for international flights. As well as other nuances. Don't be dumb.
		-- u/muhreddistaccounts, 11355 upvotes, 0.91 ratio.
%
YSK: you shouldn't reply "stop" to spam text messages

Why YSK: Spammers send out mass spam text messages telling you to reply "stop" if you want them to stop contacting you. However, when you reply to them, they have now verified that you are an active phone number. Now they can call or text you from other numbers or sell your info to other spammers. The same thing applies to answering phone calls from unknown numbers.

Note: you may choose to reply "stop" if the message is from a recognized company or service that you recently signed up for, but when in doubt, don't respond and delete the text.

*\*\*\* I'm reposting this because my previous post was deleted for including info about the National Do Not Call List. Do your own research on how to stop spam, but the above YSK is a good place to start.*

**Edit to add sources:** 

[Verizon's website says](https://www.verizon.com/about/account-security/smishing-and-spam-text-messages):

&gt;Don’t respond to unwanted/suspicious texts. (Not even to say STOP).

[FTC website says](https://consumer.ftc.gov/articles/phone-scams#how%20to%20stop):

&gt;When you get a robocall, don't press any numbers. Instead of letting you speak to a live operator or remove you from their call list, it might lead to more robocalls.

		-- u/johnnylines, 11126 upvotes, 0.94 ratio.
%
YSK: your boomer parents might be actually brain-damaged from lead poisoning. Recognise these dishes?

Why YSK: the cognitive effects of lead poisoning can be devastating, and often people do not know that they are suffering from an impairment. 

Do you recognize these dishes? 

https://i.imgur.com/fLLlZBa.jpeg

https://i.imgur.com/HrnnkUv.jpeg 

Obviously, it's not just boomers that are having the effects of lead poisoning, but I have seen so many people theorize that the seemingly mass stupidity gripping the United States could be attributed to what is essentially an unprecedented loss of IQ caused by brain damage, caused by lead in everything that boomers grew up with and, in some cases, still are in daily contact with. 

https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/nearly-half-of-the-us-population-exposed-to-dangerously-high-lead-levels

https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.2118631119

* Be aware of older items that may contain lead.

* Be aware that the cognitive abilities of some people may be severely impaired due to a lifetime of exposure. And they may not be aware of this. 

This is not to excuse or minimize extremely problematic opinions or behavior, only to spread awareness. 

The cognitive symptoms of lead poisoning are:

&gt;Cognitive impairment: Lead poisoning can result in intellectual deficits, including decreased IQ, learning difficulties, and impaired attention and concentration.  

&gt;Behavioral changes: Lead toxicity can cause behavioral problems, such as irritability, hyperactivity, impulsivity, and aggressiveness, particularly in children. 

&gt;Peripheral neuropathy: Prolonged exposure to lead may lead to nerve damage, resulting in tingling or numbness in the extremities, weakness, and coordination difficulties. 

&gt;Seizures: In severe cases of lead poisoning, seizures can occur, which are abnormal electrical discharges in the brain that can cause convulsions or loss of consciousness. 

&gt;Encephalopathy: Chronic lead exposure may cause encephalopathy, which is a broad term referring to brain dysfunction. Symptoms can include confusion, memory loss, disorientation, and even coma in severe cases.
		-- u/H_G_Bells, 14264 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
YSK: “Call Before You Dig” is a free service available nationwide in the US and can be accessed by calling 811. Do not do any digging or excavation work before calling that number.

Why YSK: Below the surface of our housing developments and streets is a vast network of various pipes, wires and other utilities. You need to know their locations before doing any sort of digging, but especially if you dig any holes or trenches deeper than 12”. 

When you call 811 you tap into the network of all the major service and utility providers in your area that will help you track down where those wires and pipes are located. The process is very straightforward. Call 811 and provide the address/location for your excavation project. Use white paint to mark the area you will be digging in on your property. Utility companies will send someone over to mark the locations of their infrastructure using spray paint. In most places the service takes about 48-72h so plan accordingly. 

Different colors are used to denote different utilities. 

Red: Electrical 

Orange: Telecommunications (phone, internet, alarm etc)

Yellow: Natural gas, petroleum, oil, or other flammable liquids and gases. 

Green: Sewer, storm water drains

Blue: Potable (drinking) water

Purple: Reclaimed water lines (irrigation etc)

These colors are standard in the US but may be different in other countries.

•Canada does not have a central phone number for locating underground utilities, but they do have location-specific numbers you can call for same service.

This is a list of those numbers:

https://call811.com/811-In-Your-State/Canada

•”Dial Before You Dig”Provides a similar service in Australia: https://www.byda.com.au/

• “National One Call” Provides a similar service in the UK: https://www.national-one-call.co.uk/

Accidentally damaging underground utilities can be very dangerous. Be smart and plan ahead.

[Thank You, u/banana_hammock_815 for adding additional information and context.](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/zlz1lu/ysk_call_before_you_dig_is_a_free_service/j0997a0/?utm_source=shareutm_medium=ios_apputm_name=iossmfcontext=3)
		-- u/BruceInc, 12590 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
YSK: “let’s eat in, I’m trying to lose weight” is used many times when friends don’t wanna say they can’t afford to eat out.

Why YSK: Don’t pressure people about going out and getting healthy food instead, take the hint and find something affordable.
		-- u/Chrono978, 11278 upvotes, 0.93 ratio.
%
YSK:some animals "park" their babies while they go off and eat all day.

Why YSK: spring is coming, that means baby animals. That means baby animal "rescue" videos. In some of these cases its actually the worst thing you could do!

What YSK: some animals like deer and rabbits "park" aka leave their babies in a safe sheltered place like tall grass, shrubs or shallow dens while they spend the day eating elsewhere. 

What should you do if you come across a baby animal and no mama? In most cases unless the baby is visibly injured or distressed leave it alone! You should Google the animal, read about the habits of that animal and its babies. Assuming there is no need for immediate intervention leave it for a day or so. If after that time nothing has changed then you should contact a local animal expert. If the situation seems like it needs intervention, take percautions and only intervene if you can actually help or get the baby to someone who can.

Edit to add: taking a pic is fine. Handling/touching the animal to take a pic is not fine. It has nothing to do with human scent being left behind and everything to do with not letting the animal get used to human contact. That can be dangerous for it later if it approaches humans on its own. Not all humans are benevolent.
		-- u/stary_sunset, 20601 upvotes, 0.96 ratio.
%
Ysk Expect “strange” behavior from your friends and family this holiday season that may not be noticeable while interacting online. Especially those who live and work alone. Mental health issues, speech impediments, etc. can become worse when a person is isolated.

Why YSK: While this year has been hard on everyone, those who live/work alone may be going days or weeks without in-person interactions or even speaking. If a friend, family member, or loved one who has been isolated is spending time with you, it is because they care about you. Pointing out their “strange” (non-harmful) behavior will likely make them feel worse about something they’re aware of but struggling to control.
		-- u/suprcreativeusrname, 48289 upvotes, 0.88 ratio.
%
Ysk in Monopoly, if a player lands on an available street and doesn't buy it, any other player can choose to buy it in that turn.

Why YSK: this is in the official rules and yet not common knowledge at all. Games in which this rule isn't invoked can be gruelling, days-long affairs. Using this rule accelerates the game to last a couple of hours.
		-- u/VindoViper, 16216 upvotes, 0.87 ratio.
